c7788 small town

Shi Jin immediately said: "Oh, back to the sect master, here in Wanshan Realm, everyone trades a kind of spiritual stone, this is it." After saying this, Shi Jin reached out and took out a piece that was only the size of a human thumb. Stone, this kind of stone is translucent throughout, with a little bit of red, and looks very beautiful. The most important thing is that there is no energy fluctuation inside.

Zhao Hai took the spirit stone from Shi Jin's hand. As soon as he got it in his hand, he immediately felt that this stone contained a very strong power. This surprised Zhao Hai very much, but he Without saying anything more, he gave the stone to Shi Jin and said, "Is this the only kind of stone?"

Shi Jin nodded and said: "Yes, Sect Master, there is only this kind of stone, but this kind of stone is also divided into grades. For example, the kind I am good at is a high-grade spiritual stone. This kind of stone is almost transparent. There is only a little color. A piece of spiritual stone like this can be exchanged for 100 yuan for a medium spiritual stone and 10,000 yuan for a low-level spiritual stone. The transparency of the medium spiritual stone is not as high as this one, and the energy inside it is not as high as this one. It is much smaller than this spirit stone, and it is also colored, but the transparency is indeed very poor. It is a bit like jade, but its transparency is better than jade. As for the low-level spirit stone, it is just one White stones have almost no transparency, and most of them are white in color. However, ordinary casual cultivators use all low-level spiritual stones, and very few use medium-level spiritual stones, let alone those who use them. It’s a high-level spiritual stone, and many casual cultivators may have never seen a high-level spiritual stone.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and Shi Jin continued: "Everyone carries some herbs and other things with them. After you arrive at Wanshan Realm, you can buy these things in shops, or you can just buy them on the road. While setting up a stall, sell him so that you can exchange them for spiritual stones. The number of spiritual stones for ordinary low-level monks is actually very small. Many people would rather carry some medicinal materials or ores with them. , or one or two broken magic weapons, they will never contain crystal stones, because they are reluctant to sell them. If they sell these things, it will be even more difficult for them to find these things in the future. If they really need crystals, then they can use these things to exchange for crystals at any time. There is another thing that everyone must pay attention to, that is, here in Wanshan Realm, a magic weapon, even a broken magic weapon , or the fragments of magical weapons are more precious than ordinary materials, so everyone should never use magical weapons lightly, as it will arouse the covetousness of others."

Zhao Hai said with some confusion: "Fragment of a magic weapon? What is the use of that thing? Why is a fragment of a magic weapon more popular than ordinary materials?" Zhao Hai really doesn't know why a magic weapon fragment is more popular than ordinary materials? The fragments of the utensil will be more popular. Isn't this unreasonable?

Shi Jin smiled bitterly and said: "I didn't know that originally, but we are a bandit sect and we want to travel around the world, so when our disciples of the bandit sect reach the rank of sergeant, they must go out for trials, and they are I went to the place where casual cultivators lived to do the trial. At that time, I realized how difficult it was for those casual cultivators. There was only one complete rune in the fragments of a magic weapon, so they only needed to go there. When energy is input into the fragment, the rune will play a role. Some runes can release spells, but some runes are of no use. However, the fragments of some magic weapons are very sharp and can be used to cast spells. He shoots it out as a hidden weapon, which can kill people, so the fragments of the magical weapon are very important to a casual cultivator, very important. Of course, there are also some fragments of the magical weapon, which are completely useless. , so the process of buying the fragments of a magic weapon for casual cultivators is also called gambling on the fragments. That means that you don’t know whether the fragments you sell are useful, but you are gambling. The reason why there are so many casual cultivators near the endless abyss , because this place used to be the battlefield where the monks and the Shadow Clan fought. There are many fragments of magic weapons here, and sometimes you can even get a complete magic weapon, which are very valuable things."

Zhao Hai understood everything now, but he really didn't expect that the casual cultivators here in Wanshan Realm would be so miserable. A fragment of a magical weapon is a good thing for them. This is really It was beyond their imagination. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect looked at each other even more. They did not expect that this would be the case. In the Blood Killing Sect, no one uses magical weapons anymore. With the external incarnation, they have had magical weapons for a long time. Time has not been used, but I did not expect that there would be people using the fragments of the magic weapon in Wanshan Realm. This is really surprising.

Shi Jin looked at Zhao Hai and the others and said with a wry smile: "There is nothing we can do about this. There are too many people here in Wanshan Realm. The people here in Wanshan Realm are not like our Blood Killing Sect. Things like blood gold are limited here, and the sect disciples don't have enough, let alone the casual cultivators, so it's quite normal for this kind of situation to occur.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then continued: "Okay, everyone has remembered Shi Jin's words. Let me tell you, the world of casual cultivators is far more terrifying than you think. If you let others know that you have If you have something, there will be countless people who will attack you desperately and want to turn your things into their own. Sometimes, they may kill people for a piece of crystal. Everywhere, casual cultivators are cultivating. The lowest level of the world, and it is also the most chaotic place, so when you get to the Wanshan world, you must be careful, do you understand?"

Everyone responded in unison, Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "In an hour, we will almost arrive at Wanshan Realm. Remember, after arriving at Wanshan Realm, don't rush to inquire. What kind of information? You have to find a way to integrate yourself into Wanshan Realm, and then you are thinking about asking for information. Shi Jin, you must be careful not to let the person who broke the door find you. If the person who broke the door finds you, then Our Blood Killing Sect may be exposed, and if we are exposed now, it will be of no benefit to us, remember?"

Shi Jin responded immediately, Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, I've said everything that needs to be said. Let's take a rest. After an hour, we will enter the Wanshan Realm. People must spread out and move around. Although you can keep in touch at all times, remember, don’t act together easily.”

Everyone agreed, and then they closed their eyes and began to meditate and rest, trying to keep themselves in the best condition. However, Zhao Hai was still controlling the boat and kept moving forward, with the most turbulent energy flow. The chaotic place has passed, and now they have entered another place where the energy turbulence is not so chaotic, and the speed is much faster. Zhao Hai does not need to rest, he has been feeling the energy chaos around him. Flow, he wanted to see if there was something else in these turbulent energy flows.

An hour passed in the blink of an eye. Zhao Hai didn't feel anything, but he always felt that the energy flow here was a bit weird, but he didn't know where the weirdness was and couldn't explain clearly, so he was even more confused. Explanation, but he did not say it out loud. This matter can be dealt with later. Now they must enter the Wanshan Realm.

The boat stopped when it was still some distance away from the abyss of Wanshan Realm. Then Zhao Hai felt it and found that there was no one on the edge of the abyss. Then he drove the boat and went directly to the abyss. After entering the Wanshan Realm, the boat stopped immediately, and then everyone got out of the boat. Zhao Hai waved his hand, and the boat disappeared immediately, and then Zhao Hai He glanced at everyone, and then said: "We have arrived at Wanshan Realm. From now on, all of us will act separately. Remember what I told you before, and act."

Everyone responded, and then they all clasped their fists at Zhao Hai. Then they moved and flew in all directions, disappearing in the blink of an eye. Only Shi Jin remained in front of Zhao Hai, and he clasped his fists at Zhao Hai. Said: "Sect Master, I still have some relatives and friends at Pirate Gate. I want to go back and see them. Please rest assured, Sect Master, I will not contact them. I just want to see if they are doing well."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Go back and take a look. If they are not doing well, if possible, take them to our Blood Killing Sect, but don't arouse others' suspicion. Remember You must not expose the sect, otherwise, I won't be able to spare you." Shi Jin responded excitedly, then turned around and flew away.

Zhao Hai looked at the direction in which everyone was leaving and couldn't help but sigh. Then without saying anything, he identified a direction, moved his body, and flew straight in that direction. While flying forward, The clothes on his body also changed. He turned into a gray warrior uniform. This kind of warrior uniform usually has casual cultivators who like to brag about it. They just use a cloth bag casually on their heads to cover themselves. His head can be tied up, and coupled with his ordinary appearance, people would think that he is an ordinary casual cultivator at a glance.

Although Zhao Hai doesn't know what kind of clothes the casual cultivators here in Wanshan Realm like to wear, but in his opinion, the casual cultivators in the world are almost all the same, and the casual cultivators in other interfaces all dress like this. It makes no sense that the casual cultivators here in Wanshan Realm shouldn't be dressed like this, right? Now that I have said it, if the casual cultivator here in Wanshan Realm is not dressed like this, then he is just changing his clothes, nothing special.

After flying forward for less than half an hour, he saw a small town. The area of ​​this small town was not very large. It seemed that there were only more than a thousand households. Most of the houses were all in a mess. It's crooked, as if it hasn't been built properly. There is only one main street in this town. There are many tall houses on both sides of this main street, but now the people in the town seem to have rested, and the whole town is in a state of chaos. It was quiet, no one spoke, and there was no light at all. If Zhao Hai could not feel the strong vitality from this town, he would have thought that there was no one in this town. Now it seems that this town is empty. There are still many people in the town, but everyone is resting and no one comes out for activities.