c7789 child

Zhao Hai arrived outside the town and took a look at the island. There was a stone tablet standing outside the island. There were three words written on the stone tablet, Linyuan Town! When he saw the name of a small town, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile bitterly. The person who named the town really knew how to save trouble. He actually chose such a name directly.

However, he was not planning to enter the town now. Instead, he was planning to find a place outside the town, rest for a while, and wait until dawn before looking for an opportunity to enter the town. While thinking about it, Zhao Hai Walking to the east of the town, he was going to find a place in the east part of the town to take a good rest and talk.

But just as Zhao Hai walked not far from the town, he heard bursts of shouting coming from in front of him. Zhao Hai was stunned, and then used his mental power to sweep past. He had not used it before. I was paying attention to my surroundings, so I didn't notice anyone in front of me. Now that I heard the sound, I naturally had to take a closer look.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but be stunned when he saw it, because he discovered that the direction of the sound was about five miles in front of him. The two sides fighting were actually two groups. One group was a group of people wearing black clothes and using cloth. The people covering their faces were all wearing samurai uniforms, some were holding weapons, and some were holding nothing, but spells kept coming out of their hands one after another. And the spells they used were only one or two at most, and no more than three at most. It was obvious at a glance that they were some three-talented monks.

The person fighting them was a child. This child looked young, only seven or eight years old. He was wearing tattered clothes, and he didn't take any action. The one who did was the one who followed. There was a little monkey next to him. This little monkey was only about half a meter tall. His whole body was pitch black and his eyes were round. He looked very cute.

When Zhao Hai saw such a combination, he was stunned at first, and then smiled slightly. He had no intention of stepping forward to help. Although the child and the little monkey son seemed to be besieged, they did not have any intention of helping. The child's anxious look seemed to be at ease, but those who surrounded them, although they kept shouting, could not do anything to the child and the little monkey.

Zhao Hai is not naive to think that children must be a vulnerable group, but he is very clear that if you think so outside, then you are really not far away from death. In the world, there are several kinds of people The most unprovoked people are the elderly, children, women, disabled people, monks, Taoist priests or nuns. If you meet these people, it is best not to provoke them easily.

These people seem to be a vulnerable group, but they dare to walk in the arena, which proves that they have their own tricks, and these tricks are often very fatal, so generally people with some experience in the arena will not easily to provoke these people. And now a child appears here, and this child also has a little monkey son. This combination itself is very weird. Plus, this is the world of cultivation, so all kinds of things can really happen. It may happen, so people like this should never be provoked easily.

The previous battle also confirmed what Zhao Hai said. The monks kept attacking the child and the monkey, but in the end, the little monkey son easily neutralized all their attacks. , that little monkey son didn’t know what kind he was, but he actually knew a lot of magic spells, and all of those magic spells were instantaneous. Although he was besieged by more than a dozen people, he didn’t lose at all.

Those who were besieging seemed to be anxious, and they attacked even more fiercely. At this moment, the child suddenly took action. He was like lightning, and he appeared next to a monk, and then he immediately appeared next to him. He returned to the little monkey, but when he returned, a blood mark appeared on the monk's neck, and then the monk's head fell off, and a column of blood spurted out.

No one else could see the child's movements clearly, but Zhao Hai could. Although the child's movements were very fast, Zhao Hai could still clearly see the child's movements. The child used The weapon used to attack the monk was a thread-like thing, and that thread-like thing grew directly from his body. Yes, it grew directly from his body. Then The thread is very thin, but very tough, and it can change its shape according to the child's wishes. The child just made a move and caught the monk's neck in one go, and then he stepped back. When I connected the silk thread, it was like a sharp knife, severing the monk's neck in one go. This is how this happened.

As soon as this happened, those who were besieging the child and the monkey were all stunned. They even forgot to attack. They really didn't expect that the child would be so strong and attack so cruelly. , one move would kill someone. At this moment, the child moved again, and his speed was still very fast. In a blink of an eye, he was beside a monk, and his body moved back, and the monk's The head fell off again.

Zhao Hai is now almost certain that the silk thread in the child's hand is only about three meters long. It is precisely because of this that he must be in front of the opponent before he can attack the opponent. If his silk thread is very long, He was afraid that he would kill all those people and ensure that those people died silently.

When the monks saw this situation, they couldn't help being shocked. Then no one knew who shouted. Then all those people moved, turned around and ran away, disappearing in the blink of an eye. The child didn't even ask. The meaning of chasing was just looking at the direction in which those people were running away, with a smile on his face.

Then the child turned to the little monkey son and said: "Hahaha, little black demon, have you seen the appearance of those guys? They are so afraid of us? Hahaha, it's really fun. Little Black Demon, the food you gave me is really effective. Look at me now, I can kill them with one move, and I don’t have to worry about anyone coming to snatch my things.”

The little monkey also squeaked at the child, as if talking to him. The child seemed to understand what he said. He smiled at the little monkey and said, "Yes. From now on, we won’t be bullied anymore. Let’s go and see what those two people have. If they have something good, then we won’t have to come out for a long time.”

After saying that, the child walked towards the two corpses on the ground, looked at the two corpses for a few times, and then took two ring-like things from the two corpses. These two ring-like things , all black, looking very inconspicuous, but after seeing those two things, the child seemed very happy, picked up the ring and looked at it carefully, and then he put the two rings He gave them all to the little monkey, and said to the little monkey: "Little black demon, quickly, see if these two rings are space equipment? If so, see what is inside."

The little monkey took the ring, looked at it carefully, and then squeaked. The child immediately blew a whistle and said: "It's great, it's really great, this ring is really good." It's space equipment, and there are so many good things in it. If we sell those good things, we can buy a lot of delicious food, and maybe we can also let you learn two more spells. When these two After buying all the things in the ring, the ring will be given to you to eat."

When the little monkey heard what he said, he couldn't help but look very excited, and immediately screamed. The child also laughed, hugged the little monkey, and walked towards the town. He was very proud, just like a child who had just gotten some money from his parents and bought a piece of candy.

But Zhao Hai looked at this person and the monkey in a daze. Wanshan Realm still uses space equipment. He knows this. Whether it is a space ring or a space bracelet, they are very common things, but that little The performance of the child and the little monkey son was really beyond Zhao Hai's expectations.

Judging from the way the child spoke, he was indeed a child, and he must have eaten some genius treasure to have such abilities. I don’t know if the abilities of the little monkey son were innate. , but the little monkey son can break the restrictions on the ring. The most important thing is that he seems to be able to eat the space ring, which is very amazing.

Zhao Hai suddenly became interested in this child and this little monkey. He walked directly towards the man and the monkey. The two sides were about five miles apart. It didn't take long for them to come face to face with each other. When Zhao Hai walked towards them, the child couldn't help but show a look of wariness on his face. He hugged the little monkey and looked at Zhao Hai warily.

Zhao Hai also stopped for a moment, looked at the child and the little monkey, and then he said: "Boy, I have seen what you just did. I really didn't expect that you have such an ability. It's amazing." Come on, tell me, how did you get your ability?" Zhao Hai stood about ten steps away from the child, looking at the child with a smile on his face.

When the child heard what Zhao Hai said, his expression couldn't help but change. Then he immediately looked at Zhao Hai with a wary expression and said, "Who are you? Are you talking to me? I don't know you." Although. His eyes were moving wildly, but his tone seemed to be pretending to be stupid.

Zhao Hai looked at him and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Okay, no need to pretend to be stupid in front of me. When you killed those two people, although I was far away, I could see clearly that those people might I didn't see clearly what method you used, but I saw it. Is that the kind of silk thread you used? Where did the silk thread come from? I'm very curious." What Zhao Hai said is indeed the truth. He really wanted to know where the thread came from, but he didn't covet the thread, he was just curious, and he also had a love for this child.