c7785 arrange

Laura and the others also nodded. If a teleportation array could be established here in the Sword of the Abyss, then the people from Wanshan Realm would have already established a teleportation array here. There is no need to get out the iron rope. Now they would rather use That kind of iron rope does not require a teleportation array, it must be because there is no way to build a teleportation array here.

Zhao Hai looked at Laura and said, "If I'm not wrong, the reason why there is no way to build a teleportation array here may be related to the turbulent energy flow. Those energy turbulent flows will affect the operation of the laws of space. So if the teleportation array is really created here, it may not be able to function at all due to the turbulence of space, or it may be usable, but people don’t know where they are being teleported. That’s why there is no teleportation array here. You have to What we are doing is how to quickly transport our Blood Killing Sect disciples across the endless abyss without using the teleportation array, and directly let them enter the Wanshan Realm."

Laura nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, leave this matter to us, we will definitely get it done. To be honest, I am really curious about how deep this endless abyss is. Why is it that no one can come up after falling into this endless abyss? In the future, some of us will figure out where all those who fell into the endless abyss went."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "This is up to you. After I leave, the affairs of the sect will be left to you and Wen Hai. Wen Hai and the others will manage the affairs of the sect. You don't have to worry about anything. , but you should also keep an eye on it, if Wen Hai and others mess around, you will come forward."

Laura responded and said in a deep voice: "Wenhai and the others are still very good at managing the sect. After you leave, we will still focus on researching programming. As long as Wenhai and the others don't mess around, then I will not come forward. Manage the sect, but if we really feel that they are doing something wrong, it is not too late for us to come forward and take action."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "I believe Wen Hai and the others will not mess around. Okay, that's it. I won't say anything more. After we leave, the sect's affairs will depend on you." Laura They all responded, but didn't say anything. In their opinion, this was what they should do, and there was no need to say too much.

After explaining these things to Laura and the others, Zhao Hai went directly to a small conference room and called all the cabinet members over. After everyone arrived in the small conference room, Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "I called everyone here today because there is actually only one thing to do, and that is to take care of the future development of the sect."

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, but Wen Wenhai and the others looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion. They didn't quite understand what Zhao Hai meant. Now the sect is developing very well, and it has not entered Wanshan. Before entering the world, they had already decided how the sect would develop in the future. Why did Zhao Hai still talk about this matter now?

Zhao Hai looked at them and said in a deep voice: "I know everyone is very curious, but it's actually nothing. I decided that after a while, I will follow Shi Jin and the others to enter the Wanshan Realm to have a look. After I leave, the management of the sect will be handed over to you."

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Wen Wenhai and the others were stunned, but Wen Wenhai immediately stood up. He saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Boss, there is no need for this, right? Even if we have to deal with Wan Shan Realm, we don’t have that necessity at all, let you go to Wanshan Realm to inquire about the news in person, right? Sometimes Jin and others are enough. You are the leader of our Blood Killing Sect. We have 150 billion people in the Blood Killing Sect. , everything is counting on you, how can you leave?"

Everyone else also said the same thing. Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, then waved his hands, and everyone calmed down. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Don't be so excited. I can't stay in the sect." It’s nothing, I just want to visit Wanshan Realm. In addition to asking for some information, I also want to establish a force in Wanshan Realm to prepare for our future attack on Wanshan Realm.”

When Wen Wenhai and others heard what Zhao Hai said, they all fell silent. Zhao Hai's reason was still very strong. Entering the Wanshan Realm and establishing a force, I am afraid only Zhao Hai can do such a thing. They These people are far behind Zhao Hai in this regard.

Zhao Hai looked at them and said in a deep voice: "After we leave, the sect will be handed over to you. Wen Hai, your most important things are two things. First, build the Sword of the Abyss here, and make sure it is advanced." It can be attacked, retreated or defended, and to do so, one must develop a method that can quickly lead to the Wanshan Realm, and I guess there is no way to use the teleportation array here in the Sword of the Abyss, right?" Zhao Hai's last words were spoken while looking at Fajing and the others.

Fa Jing also understood what Zhao Hai meant. He immediately stood up and saluted Zhao Hai: "Yes, Sect Master. Sect Master's guess is not wrong at all. There is indeed no way to use the teleportation array here in the Sword of the Abyss." Yes, someone has experimented before and established a teleportation array here in the Sword of the Abyss. However, although the teleportation array can be activated, the things being teleported do not know where the teleportation array went. In short, they will not appear on the other side. On the teleportation array, it is precisely because of this that no one has established a teleportation array here at the Sword of the Abyss."

Zhao Hai nodded and said to Wen Wenhai: "Did you hear that? This is what you have to do. You must find a way to quickly pass through the endless abyss and enter the Ten Thousand Mountains Realm. Do you understand? "Wen Wenhai and the others all responded. Only now did they understand that it turns out that there is no way to use the teleportation array in the Sword of the Abyss. Entering and exiting the Sword of the Abyss is a problem. If they use magic weapons, they have Confidence can enter the Sword of the Abyss, but it takes too long. As Zhao Hai said, you must find a quick way to enter the Sword of the Abyss.

Zhao Hai then said: "The second thing is to study carefully the energy turbulence in the endless abyss. This energy turbulence is very powerful. You must study it carefully to see this energy. Can the turbulence be used by us? In fact, I think the reason why the teleportation array cannot be used here in the Sword of the Abyss may have a lot to do with the energy turbulence, so you still have a lot of work to do in the future."

Wen Wenhai and the others responded once and for all. They were also very curious about the energy turbulence in the endless abyss. They really wanted to know whether this energy turbulence could be used by them. Maybe it’s because they have followed Zhao Hai for a long time, or maybe it’s because of the philosophy of the Blood Killing Sect. When people like them encounter energy turbulence or some unknown things, the first thing they think of is to study it. See if that thing can be used by them. If it can be used, that would be the best. If it cannot be used, you should also know why they cannot be used. Therefore, Wen Wenhai and others did not have any dissatisfaction with Zhao Hai's order.

Zhao Hai then said: "Wen Hai, after I leave, the Blood Killing Sect will be handed over to you. If you have anything to do, you have to discuss it. If there is something and you feel that there is really no way to decide, then Just report it to Laura and the others. Their opinions will be the main ones. However, you don’t have to ask them for everything. They are also busy now and will not care about the sect’s affairs, so most things are still handled by them. You decide, do you understand?"

Wen Wenhai responded. They did not object to Zhao Hai's decision to let Laura and the others help manage the sect. Wen Wenhai would not object at all. First, Laura and the others had already proved The second thing is that Laura and the others are the closest people to Zhao Hai. It can be said that Zhao Hai left and let Laura and the others manage the sect, which is natural, and Wen Wenhai also knows , Laura and the others are not the kind of people who give random orders. They rarely show up. As long as they mess around, Laura and the others should not care about them.

Zhao Hai looked at Wen Wenhai and the others and said in a deep voice: "Actually, to be honest, I don't really want to deal with the people of Wanshan Realm, because to deal with the people of Wanshan Realm, we have to deal with the various sects of Wanshan Realm. Those great powers in the upper realm standing behind me are not what I want. It will not do us any good to conflict with people in the upper realm. We must ascend in the future. When we ascend, we will reach those in the upper realm. People will still come to deal with us, and we have already offended those people before we have ascended. This is not what I want to see."

He paused for a moment, then said: "But if we want to deal with the Shadow Clan, we must first make it clear to the people in the Wanshan Realm. They don't have to help us, but they must not hold us back. But there are probably people from the Shadow Clan in all the sects in the Wanshan Realm. They won’t watch us deal with the Shadow Clan, so they will definitely take action to stop us. At that time, we will have to deal with them. When I do things, I always like to think of the worst and then do the best, and it’s the same this time.”

Wen Wenhai and the others all responded. They understood what Zhao Hai meant. Anyway, here in Wanshan Realm, they are all monks. In fact, they do not want to deal with these monks. For these monks, for them, it is really It doesn't mean much. The number of disciples of the Blood Killing Sect is already large enough, so there is no need to recruit more people.

But the problem is that they want to deal with the Shadow Clan, and they also know everything about the situation at the Black and White Battlefield before. Those people from the Wanshan Realm are obviously colluding with the Shadow Clan, and they want to take the Black and White Battlefield to the next level. To the Shadow Clan people, under this situation, if you still say that they have nothing to do with the Shadow Clan, then you really think they are idiots.

Therefore, if they want to deal with the Shadow Clan, they must first make it clear to the Wanshan Realm. At least when they deal with the people of the Shadow Clan, the people from the Wanshan Realm cannot jump out and hold them back. Their hindrance will have a greater impact on them, so to deal with the Shadow Clan, they must first ensure that there are no problems here in Wanshan Realm. This is their bottom line.