c7781 iron lock

When the others heard what the two said, they all looked at each other, and then they all clasped their fists at the two of them and said in a deep voice: "We respect the wishes of the two sects." Although these people have a deep understanding of Tianxuan Sect and Lei Zhang The Zen Temple is a little dissatisfied with the hegemony, but they will not stand up to the two sects on this matter, because they know very well that the strength of the two sects is very powerful. If they really confront the two sects, it will be absolutely impossible. There is no benefit.

It's not like these small sects haven't thought about uniting to deal with the two major sects, but things are not that simple. Behind these sects, there is also an immortal from the upper world. They want to To be enemies with the two major sects, they must obtain the consent of those superior immortals. If those superior immortals do not agree, it is impossible for them to be enemies with the two major sects. But so far, the superior immortals in the upper world have not agreed. , to make them enemies of the two major sects.

Tianjizi looked at everyone's appearance, then turned to look at Jiujie, and Jiujie also looked at him. Although the two sects were fighting openly and secretly, their control over these sects had never been relaxed, so Rather than having an alliance with Wanshan Realm, it is better to say that this alliance here is a tool used by the two sects to control those small sects.

Tianjizi also understood what Jiujie meant, so he turned his head to look at those people again and said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's do this. You guys leave the Sword of the Abyss first. Elder Jiujie and I will stay here and wait. After the two of us cut off all the iron ropes, we are leaving, let's go."

Everyone responded, then stood up, saluted the two of them, then turned and left. After everyone left, Tianjizi turned to Jiujie and said in a deep voice: "Master Jiujie, let's see what happens next. It's ours, we must first cut off all three iron ropes leading to the Shadow Clan, and then cut off the other two iron ropes leading to our Ten Thousand Mountains Realm, what do you think?"

Tianjizi is not an idiot. Judging from Jiujie's various performances, he already knew that Jiujie had been prepared in advance when he came this time, so he had an advantage in every aspect. Fortunately, other things Those people from the sect didn't see it, so he didn't care very much, but he still had to report this matter to the sect after he returned, because he felt that these things would not be that simple.

The reason why Jiujie and the others were able to take advantage of everything was, first, because they could get some information, and second, their preparations were very thorough, but that was not the case here. He did not get any information in advance. They didn't make much preparation before coming, so they seemed very passive. This matter must be brought to his attention, because if they encounter anything in the future, they will still react like this, Then they may suffer a big loss.

Jiujie didn't know what Tianjizi was thinking. Now when he heard what Tianjizi said, he nodded and said: "Okay, cut off the iron cable leading to the Shadow Clan, and let it turn into an isolated island. In this way, no matter what happens here in the future, there will be no threat to us."

Tianjizi nodded and said in a deep voice: "Yes, that's what I mean. Then let's take action. Here is the Sword of the Abyss. Let him become a legend forever." After saying this, Tianjizi moved. Flying straight out, Jiujie quickly followed. In a short time, the two of them arrived at the west side of the island, where there were three iron ropes leading to the place where the Shadow Clan was.

Tianjizi glanced at the place where the Shadow Clan was. It was filled with black mist and it was impossible to see anything clearly. However, Tianjizi still looked there with complicated eyes. Tianjizi knew very clearly that that place was originally their territory. , that place originally belonged to the monks. The monks here in Wanshan Realm always wanted to take it back. However, after so many years, they have been repeatedly frustrated in the fights with the Shadow Clan. This made all the people in Wanshan Realm Almost all the monks have given up the idea of ​​regaining it. Only people like Tianjizi still have a complicated mood when they see the Shadow Clan in the area. Many young monks have already stopped thinking about this matter.

Jiujie looked at Tianjizi. He also turned his head and glanced at the area of ​​​​the Shadow Clan. Then he sighed softly and said in a deep voice: "Amitabha, Taoist Master Tianjizi, let's do something. Don't let it happen." The people of the Shadow Clan discovered the two of us. Otherwise, there may be another dispute. Don't worry, as long as we develop silently, sooner or later, we will drive all the Shadow Clan people out of there and regain it. ." Jiujie and Tianjizi are of similar generation, so he understands Tianjizi's mood very well.

Tianjizi took a deep breath and nodded, but did not speak. Instead, he turned his head and glanced at the three iron ropes. They were called iron ropes, but they were actually huge iron chains. These iron chains were really huge. Each iron bar bent into an iron ring is about ten meters in diameter, and they are all dark red, and there are even faint runes flashing.

When these iron cables were first built, Tianjizi didn't know. Tianjizi only knew that the iron cables were actually built by people from the Wanshan Realm at the beginning. They didn't build the iron cables to compete with the Shadow Clan. What kind of communication did people have, but it was built to attack the Shadow Tribe people.

Back then, the Shadow Clan army suddenly appeared in the Wanshan Realm and attacked the various sects in the Wanshan Realm. The sects in the Wanshan Realm were caught off guard and had no resistance at all. They were directly defeated and retreated, and finally formed an alliance. This blocked the attack of the Shadow Clan army, but even so, they paid a huge price, losing countless great powers. In the end, because the energy confrontation was too intense, the Wanshan Realm continent was directly shattered, forming The current endless abyss has caused the Wanshan Realm to be divided into two parts. One half is still called the Wanshan Realm, while the other half is called the Shadow Clan area. The monks of the Wanshan Realm used to call it the Shadow Clan occupied area. , it can be heard from these words that the people of Wanshan Realm actually regard it as part of Wanshan Realm. They just think that it is occupied by the Shadow Clan. Sooner or later, they will rob it. return.

The various sects that were at war with the Shadow Clan did have this idea. They always wanted to fight back, so they spent countless efforts and used countless high-quality materials to come up with the first one. Iron ropes, and they also put a lot of effort into laying this iron rope. They brought several large magic weapons, sat on another large magic weapon, and then flew towards the Shadow Clan area. On the first one If the large magic weapon cannot withstand the turbulent flow of energy in the endless abyss and is about to dissipate, they will immediately release the second large magic weapon, abandon the first large magic weapon, and then Sailing forward, just like this, using a total of dozens of large magic weapons, we passed through the endless abyss and arrived at the Shadow Clan area.

After arriving at the Shadow Clan area, they immediately arranged several huge suppressing beasts there. The so-called suppressing beasts were actually huge iron bulls. These iron bulls were all made of the heaviest metal. There is also a magic circle on it. Place the Iron Ox in the Shadow Clan area, and then connect the iron cable to the Iron Ox, so that the monks from the Wanshan Realm can pass through the iron cable and enter the Shadow Clan area.

In order to refine the iron ropes and iron bulls, countless materials were used, because there are countless magic circles on each iron rope, and there are countless magic circles on each iron bull. Just these magic circles , it took them countless hours to complete it, not to mention that when they were building the iron rope, they had to face the attack of the Shadow Tribe. I heard that when the first iron rope was built, many people died. After all, even the great powers of Wanshan Realm have been lost.

After the Iron Cable was built, the monks from the Wanshan Realm began to attack the Shadow Clan. It was called the Battle of the Iron Cable in history. The battle was very brutal. At first, the Wanshan Realm attacked the Shadow Clan through the Iron Cable. The Shadow Clan, in turn, used the iron rope to attack the Wanshan Realm. There, the two sides came and went, fighting fiercely, and countless monks and Shadow Clan people died in the battle.

After nearly ten years of war, both sides suffered countless casualties. In the end, they found that no one could do anything to the other. The two sides quickly reached an agreement. The two sides could conduct some transactions and exchanges through the iron rope, but there must be a time limit. Yes, there are ten days of communication every year. Except for those ten days, at any other time, if someone enters the other party's territory through the iron rope, it will be regarded as a provocation and can go to war directly.

Later, people discovered that the ten-day communication time was too short, and the number of iron chains was too few, so they slowly built other iron ropes one after another. Because the first iron rope was built, other ones were being built. The iron ropes were even simpler, so these iron ropes were slowly built, but the annual communication time only increased by ten days. In other words, there were only twenty days of peaceful communication between the Wanshan Realm and the Shadow Clan each year. .

But before, the Sword of the Abyss was a rather special existence. It was about the same distance from both sides. Later, the Black and White Battlefield was discovered, so a few iron ropes were built here. Finally, this place is not on February 2 every year. Within the ten-day opening period, it will only open once every few years.

But people from both sides can go to the Sword of the Abyss, but they cannot enter the other side's territory. This has become a special case. There is really no material here in the Sword of the Abyss, so except for the occasional There are some casual cultivators who will come here to communicate and trade with some Shadow Clan people who sneaked over, but no one else will come here, and those big sects will not even look at this place. Because the space passage here has been sealed by them a long time ago, they relied on the magic circle to enter the black and white battlefield.

If it weren't for the fact that something happened here at the Sword of the Abyss, they wouldn't have come here. Even if they knew something happened here and came here, they just came here to take a look. After discovering this situation , the first idea is to destroy this place and completely turn it into an isolated island. It can be seen that they really don’t pay much attention to the Sword of the Abyss. It can even be said that they don’t look down on it at all.