c7783 Show up

Elder Sun's status seemed to be quite high. He knew some inside information, so when he heard what the man said, he shook his head and said: "Things are not as you think. In fact, the black and white battlefield was not occupied by us. The Shadow Clan was occupied. We, the Shadow Clan, drove those monks from the Wanshan Realm out of the Black and White Battlefield. However, there was actually a more powerful force on the Black and White Battlefield. In the end, our Shadow Clan's army remained on the Black and White Battlefield. We lost to that force and were forced to abandon the Black and White Battlefield, so now the Black and White Battlefield does not belong to our Shadow Clan."

This elder Sun has obviously regarded himself as a Shadow Clan member for a long time. He talks about us as Shadow Clan and shuts up about them from the Wanshan Realm. Moreover, he should have a certain status in the Shadow Clan, otherwise he would not know this. Something happened, so Elder Sun continued to speak: "A mission came from the clan, asking us to pay attention to the situation here in Wanshan Realm as much as possible. If we find that a sect named Blood Killing Sect has appeared in Wanshan Realm, We must report it to the sect immediately, and we must also pay attention to the situation at the Sword of the Abyss. Now that people from the Wanshan Realm have destroyed the iron cable leading to the Sword of the Abyss, we must report this matter."

Several people all responded, and Elder Sun then said: "Okay, if you look here, you can't see anything. Everyone, please go back. Remember, be careful to hide your identity and never be discovered. Yes, we are here so that the Shadow Clan can unify the Wanshan Realm in the future. When the clan unifies the Wanshan Realm, we will definitely be given a heavy reward by the clan, and we can embark on the road to immortality in the future."

Everyone responded with a roar, and their eyes shone brightly. They were obviously very excited. Then Elder Sun waved his hands to everyone, and then disappeared in a flash. The others also looked at each other. After a quick glance, all of them flashed and disappeared. The edge of the abyss once again regained its tranquility.

In the following period, except for some casual cultivators who came here occasionally and wanted to enter the Sword of the Abyss from here, but found that the iron rope was broken and had to leave, no one came here, and slowly all the casual cultivators came here. Xiu also knows that there is no way to enter the Sword of the Abyss here, and no one has been here before. However, every few months, monks from the Xuanjia Sect will come here to take a look, but He just had a look, standing next to the abyss, taking a look at the direction of the Sword of the Abyss. After not noticing any changes, he turned around and left.

Just like this, several years have passed without much change here. Gradually, people have completely forgotten about this place. Except for some casual cultivators who occasionally mention the Sword of the Abyss, no one will mention it anymore. The Sword of the Abyss, here, has really been forgotten.

On the tenth year after Tianjizi and the others cut off the iron rope, there was a change in the Sword of the Abyss. There was a sudden energy fluctuation in the Sword of the Abyss, and then a person suddenly Appearing on the Sword of the Abyss, this person appeared very suddenly, as if he was standing there originally, but was blocked by something, so you couldn't see it at all, and now he just appeared. .

This man was wearing a red warrior uniform with a golden crown on his head. He looked ordinary, as if there was nothing remarkable about him. He didn't even have any aura on his body. If it weren't for the golden crown on his head, he would have looked ordinary. I was afraid that if he walked onto the street, no one would give him a second glance.

The man glanced around, and then murmured: "It seems that this is the Sword of the Abyss. Interesting, huh? The iron rope here has been cut off, and it seems that the cutting time has not been short. Look. It seems that it was either done by someone from the Wanshan Realm or someone from the Shadow Clan, but it was most likely done by someone from the Wanshan Realm. The people from the Shadow Clan are eager to deal with us, so how could they cut off the iron rope? Yes, but this has definitely helped us a lot.”

Then the man's mind moved, and then an extremely huge giant turtle appeared next to him. The giant turtle's whole body was white, like white jade. There were nine pieces in total on the back of the giant turtle. Tortoise shells, these tortoise shells all have clear patterns, and all the patterns are golden.

These patterns are also very distinctive. Some patterns are flying sky patterns, and some patterns are actually very scary-looking Shura, Yaksha, and even the divine dragon Dapeng, which is the pattern of the eight parts of Tianlong. The tortoise shell in the middle around the eight divisions of the Heavenly Dragon is a pattern of a Buddha statue, which is exactly the pattern of the Buddha with eleven faces and sixteen arms.

After the giant turtle appeared, it seemed to be a living thing. He glanced around, then slowly began to shrink in size, and finally turned into a giant turtle only over one meter tall, and then directly entered the abyss. In a cave here in Zhijian, after arriving in the cave, a white light flashed in the cave. The white light disappeared, and the cave also disappeared. All the caves on the mountain disappeared, even the one that appeared before People have also disappeared.

But if someone can enter the mountain on the Sword of the Abyss at this time, they will find that the mountain on the Sword of the Abyss is completely different. It has turned into a huge, sharp nest. There are countless caves in the same building. In the middle, there is a large cave that leads directly to the top. The giant turtle is lying under the cave, which is the bottom of the Sword of the Abyss mountain.

The person who appeared before was naturally Zhao Hai, and the giant turtle was naturally Xuanwu Island. The pattern on the back of the giant turtle was a pattern that only appeared after Zhao Hai combined the Eight Worlds of Heaven and Dragon with the Xuanwu Space. And these patterns are not simple patterns, they can be turned into real objects for fighting. It can be said that Xuanwu Space has become more powerful now.

At this time, Zhao Hai had returned to the Xuanwu Space. In the main hall of the Xuanwu Space, the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect were waiting for him. Zhao Hai had just perfectly combined the Eight Heavenly Dragon Realms with the Xuanwu Space. Together, and then his figure appeared directly at the Sword of the Abyss, which was the scene before.

Then the Xuanwu Space entered the mountains of the Sword of the Abyss and transformed it into a camp. It was just an inner camp. From the outside, no one could tell that it was a camp. The camp had only There is an entrance and exit right at the top of the mountain, but there is a magic array set up at the top of the mountain, so ordinary people can't find it at all.

After Zhao Hai combined the Xuanwu Space with the Eight Tribes of Tianlong, he already knew the new abilities of the Xuanwu Space, so he could use the Xuanwu Space to create that camp in such a short time. Zhao Hai has become more powerful in the past few years, so it is not difficult for him to build such a camp.

As soon as Zhao Hai returned to Xuanwu Space, Wen Wenhai and the others all looked at him expectantly. Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and then said: "Okay, don't worry, everyone, this time the merger is very Success, and I have already arrived at Wanshan Realm before. According to what I saw before, it is almost certain that our location should be at the Sword of the Abyss. Fajing, you lead a group of disciples to Let’s take a look outside and determine our location.”

Fajing responded and seemed very excited. Then he left the hall directly and led a group of disciples to the Sword of the Abyss. After seeing the situation there, Fajing immediately returned to the Xuanwu Space. At this time, Zhao Hai was still discussing with Wen Wenhai and the others how to develop after entering the Wanshan Realm.

As soon as he saw Fa Jing coming in, Zhao Hai immediately said to Fa Jing: "Fa Jing, are our current location at the Sword of the Abyss?" Zhao Hai was almost certain that they were at the Sword of the Abyss, because he The place where they appeared was really very similar to the Sword of the Abyss that Fa Jing and the others talked about, except that there was no iron rope, but he saw the iron ox, so he was almost certain that they were at the Sword of the Abyss now. .

Fa Jing nodded and said: "Yes, Sect Master, where we are now is the Sword of the Abyss, but for some unknown reason, the iron rope leading to the outside world has been cut off by someone. , it is not easy for us to enter the Wanshan Realm."

Zhao Hai nodded. He had also seen the previous situation, so he was not surprised. He said solemnly: "I took a look outside before and built a camp. The spiritual energy outside was not very sufficient. But the concentration of spiritual energy is not comparable to the spiritual energy here. I think it may be because this is the Sword of the Abyss. Our disciples went out in batches to feel the concentration of spiritual energy here, and at the same time We need to release all our Dharma images and see how our Dharma array is different from the Dharma images we released when we were training in the real illusion. But remember, don’t make too much noise, so as not to cause trouble. Attention of ShadowClan and the Cultivation World.”

Everyone responded, and Zhao Hai then said: "Judging from the fact that the iron rope was cut off, we have attracted the attention of the Shadow Clan and the Wanshan Realm. However, the Shadow Clan knows better than the Wanshan Realm." More, and those iron ropes should be cut by people from the Wanshan Realm. People from the Shadow Clan will not do this, because the people from the Shadow Clan are still eager for us to come to the Wanshan Realm. When the time comes They can mobilize an army to attack us, so they will never cut off the iron rope. Only people from the Ten Thousand Mountains Realm can do this. However, what they are guarding against should not be us, but the Shadow Clan. "

Wen Wenhai nodded and said: "It should be like this. The people in Wanshan Realm did not know our strength when they left the Black and White Battlefield. They thought that we would die in the hands of the Shadow Clan, but they Without the black and white battlefield, they must be on guard. They were worried that the Shadow Clan people would attack them through the black and white battlefield, so they directly cut off the iron ropes, so that the Shadow Clan people would not be able to pass through the Sword of the Abyss. Here we come to attack Wanshan Realm. This place is completely isolated, but they can get away with it once and for all. Speaking of which, this is really a good idea."