c7787 grade

"Above the Three Talents level, there are also the Four Elephants level, the Five Elements level, the Bagua level, the Nine Palaces level, etc., but these are actually low-level monks. According to our sect's calculations, these Nine Palaces level disciples are nothing more than It is equivalent to the fact that the most ordinary disciples of the sect are even worse than the most ordinary disciples of our sect. Although in Wanshan Realm, when they were at the Sancai level, they could already use their own magic circle. Here, they joined a sect’s exclusive magic circle, but at that time, their fighting power was really strong, and only those who reached the Jiugong level could fight against the ordinary disciples of our sect.”

"After the Nine Palaces level, there is the Eighteen Arhats level. This Eighteen Arhats level is a name in Buddhism. In Taoism, they are called the Eighteen Heavenly Immortals, but among the Demon Sect, they are called the Eighteen Ancient Demons. , Confucianism calls them Eighteen Scholars, physical practitioners call them Eighteen Strongmen, but if you are a swordsman, they call them Eighteen Swordsmen."

"After the Eighteen Arhats, there will be the Twenty-Eight Constellations, and after the Twenty-Eight Constellations, there will be the Thirty-six Tiangang. People at this level are already very strong. Their strength can almost kill us. Compared with the elite disciples of our sect, they are almost equivalent to the strength of our sect’s true disciples.”

"Then there are the seventy-two Earth Demons. People at this level can use seventy-two magic circles, and their strength is almost equivalent to the ordinary elders we have killed. Their strength is already pretty good, and as I said This comparison of strength is a real comparison of combat effectiveness, not just a comparison of strength."

"After that, there are the 108-star stars. Their strength is also very powerful and very difficult to deal with. Such monks are considered to be the masters of one party, almost equivalent to those of the elders in charge of our sect. Strength, and the time he can use the Dharma will be very long."

"After one hundred and eight stars, there are one hundred and eighty precepts. At this level, they are already extraordinary in strength. Their strength is almost equivalent to the strength of our branch elders, even with us. Compared with the core elders, I’m afraid it’s about the same.”

"Then there will be the 360th Zhoutian level. People at this level are more powerful and can definitely fight with our core elders. Even if their strength is not as strong as Elder Ding and others, they are almost the same. Now, people at their level can use the inner space."

"The last level is the Immortal level. The so-called Immortal level is just a name. It means that monks of this level can use the inner space and even wait to ascend. Only people of this level can They will be a threat to the sect leader, but I believe that they cannot be the sect leader’s opponents.”

"So in general, here in Wanshan Realm, the formal disciples of the sect can generally be divided into three levels, Jiugong level, scholar level, Xingxu level, Tiangang level, Disha level, star level, precept level, and Zhou level. There are ten levels, including Heaven level, Immortal level, etc., and our opponents are mainly them. As for casual cultivators, in fact, among casual cultivators, they are generally knight-level people, and there are very few who can truly reach the three-talent level. "

"In fact, some of the divisions between these two levels overlap. For example, the Sancai level is equivalent to the Baron level, the Jiugong level is equivalent to the Viscount level, the Sergeant level is equivalent to the Earl level, and the Star level is equivalent to Marquis level, Tiangang level is equivalent to Duke level, Disha level is equivalent to Emperor level, and the average royal family can only reach Disha level at most. If your strength is getting stronger, the sect will forcibly recruit you into the sect. It’s inside the door.”

After hearing what Shi Jin said, Zhao Hai also nodded. The hierarchy here in Wanshan Realm is really a bit chaotic. This has a lot to do with their rule. It can be said that there are two ruling classes in Wanshan Realm. , one is the royal family, the royal family rules the secular world here in Wanshan Realm, and the sect controls the royal family, but the people in the secular world here in Wanshan Realm are not unaware of the existence of sects, they know about sects. exist, and they all want to join the sect.

It is precisely because of this that their level division looks very messy, but Zhao Hai also understands that this may be done deliberately by those sects. They just want to come up with this unique level division to show that They are different from the secular world, which makes it easier for them to control the secular world.

Then Zhao Hai glanced at everyone in the Blood Killing Sect, and then said: "Okay, Shi Jin has told you everything that needs to be said. You must be aware of it. Let's do this. I think we have just arrived at Wanshan When entering the world, we should not make our strength too strong first, just let people think that we are Sancai level or Liangyi level. After such a long period of training, I think you should also know that people at Sancai level and Liangyi level , how do you fight? And weapons, remember, everyone must have their own weapons, not necessarily knives, use some special weapons, don't let people see at a glance, we are the same Man."

As soon as they heard what he said, everyone responded, and Shi Jin then said: "Everyone must also remember one thing. In the beginning, even if you show that you have the strength of a third-level talent, you must never use the Dharma. You can say that you don’t know how to use the Dharma Aspect, because there are many casual cultivators. Although their strength has reached the third level, they don’t know how to use the Dharma Aspect to fight. Their fighting method is generally to use the magic circle blessed by their own Dharma Aspect. Here, they fight with the magic spells they bring, and because they do not have a special magic circle for the sect, even if they are Liangyi level people, the two magic circles they use are all magic magic circles. This This is also the biggest difference between casual cultivators and sect disciples. Among casual cultivators, it would be special if a third-level cultivator can use the Dharma to fight."

Everyone was stunned at first, and then immediately understood what Shi Jin meant. When ordinary sect disciples reach the third talent level, they can use the magic form to fight, and because when they reach the third talent level, there is a magic circle. The sect-specific magic circle, so if they are a monk at the level of three talents, their magic form can only control three magic circles, and one of them is a sect-specific magic circle, so there are only two magic circles they can use. A magic circle represents a kind of magic, so they can only use two quick-cast spells at most. If it is a Liangyi level, then they can only use one quick-cast spell at most.

But the casual cultivators are different. They don't have sect-specific magic arrays, so the magic arrays they can use for their Dharma images are all magical arrays. The Sancai level uses three magic arrays, and the Liangyi level uses two. A magic circle. Among the casual cultivators, there are very few people who can use the Dharma to fight, so even if they have the strength of the third level, it is actually impossible for them to use the Dharma to fight.

Seeing everyone nodding, Shi Jin continued: "There is another point that everyone should pay attention to. The three-talented disciples of the sect, whether they are the three-talented disciples of three magic formations or the two-talented disciples of two magic formations, Level, their magic circle usually has one of them that is a magic circle to attack enemies with weapons, because this can ensure their safety to the greatest extent. At the same time, in the future, when they join other magic circles in terms of magic, they will also It is easier because the defensive array is relatively more stable and will not cause too strong energy conflicts. Every time they upgrade in the future, they will generally evolve this defensive array. In other words, they Every time you upgrade, no matter how many magic circles can be used, the initial defensive magic circle will definitely evolve, and there will always be a position for a defensive magic circle in it, so if you meet a third-level monk, and If you use magic circles to protect yourself and use magic weapons to attack enemies, you must be careful, because such people may be related to that sect."

"And casual cultivators have no one to guide them, so many casual cultivators don't understand these simple things. When they are at the third talent level, they will make all three magic formations into offensive forms. Formation, and such monks sometimes leave a magic weapon on their bodies to protect themselves. There are also those who do not have a magic weapon to protect them, and those who have a magic weapon to protect them are those who have been wandering around outside for a period of time. , and without the protection of a magic weapon, he is likely to be a rookie. This is also the reason why casual cultivators cannot go further. Because of the offensive magic circle, he is more unstable. When adding magic circles, It may cause energy conflicts, and if it doesn't work well, it can lead to obsession. This is the biggest difference between casual cultivators and sect disciples."

The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect all nodded, and Zhao Hai said solemnly: "I know that the number of magic formations that you can use is more than theirs, but you must also make sure that you use those two magic formations or those three. As your main magic circle, you can use all offensive magic circles, or you can use defensive magic circles. It depends on you, as long as you don't reveal your identity. Of course, you should also pay attention to ensuring that you safety."

Everyone responded, and at this moment, the boat started to shake suddenly and violently. Zhao Hai felt it and found that they had come to a place with very strong turbulence, and the boat had been struggling in the energy turbulence. , Zhao Haidai had nothing to worry about, he paid attention to the turbulence, then turned to everyone and said: "Don't worry, everyone, remember everything Elder Shi Jin said before. "

Everyone responded, but when Zhao Hai was talking to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, he had to control the boat so that the bow of the boat faced the strongest part of the turbulence as much as possible. Only in this way can he be better. It is not difficult for Zhao Hai to only hold the stability of a small boat.

Zhao Hai said to Shi Jin again: "Shi Jin, here in Wanshan Realm, what do people generally use for transactions?" This point is very important. Here in Wanshan Realm, what is mainly used for trading? Of course, it is currency, and now these people don't have a single currency, and they must also understand the value of each currency. Only in this way can they better integrate into Wanshan Realm, so Zhao Hai asked Shi Jin this question directly. This problem must be solved.