c7784 plan

"But this will bring us some trouble. It will isolate this place, and we will be separated here. I'm afraid it won't be easy for us to enter the Wanshan Realm in the future." Chang Jun also said at this time that he also felt that the people in Wanshan Realm were making such an idea, but their actions would have a certain impact on the Blood Killing Sect.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "I think this is good. No one pays attention to this place. We can develop here peacefully for a while. We can practice our skills first and then talk about it. But we We can’t stay here all the time. While we are practicing the Dharma here, I think we should also send people to Wanshan Realm to understand the situation. What do you think?”

Everyone nodded. They also had the same idea as Zhao Hai. Wanshan Realm is good here, but they must have a good understanding of it. The information they got from Fajing and the others is still far away. If it is not enough, they must understand the situation of the various sects in the Wanshan Realm, and then think of ways to deal with the various sects in the Wanshan Realm.

Zhao Hai turned to look at Fa Jing and the others, and finally set his sights on Shi Jin. Shi Jin was a member of the thieves here in Wanshan Realm. What they were best at was inquiring about information, so Zhao Hai said to Shi Jin: " Shi Jin, after a while, you will lead some of your disciples into Wanshan Realm to inquire about news. Remember, you are no longer a member of the bandit family. Do not have any contact with the bandits. , lest they know that you are still alive. If they find out that you have come out of the Black and White Battlefield, they will know that we have come out of the Black and White Battlefield, and they will definitely come to deal with us by then. Do you understand what I mean? ?”

As soon as Shi Jin heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. He said solemnly: "Yes, Sect Master, I understand. If the people of Wanshan Realm know that we came out from the Black and White Battlefield, then It will have a great impact on us. If we don't do it right, they will discover our existence. At that time, I am afraid that the entire Wanshan Realm will come to deal with us, so please don't worry, Sect Master, I am I will never come into contact with someone who broke into a door."

Zhao Hai nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, as long as you understand, let's do this. After the meeting, you go select a group of disciples and train those disciples. You must make those disciples familiar with the things here in Wanshan Realm." The situation, when they enter Wanshan Realm, don’t let the people there know at a glance that they are not from Wanshan Realm.”

Shi Jin nodded and said: "Yes, please rest assured, Sect Master. In fact, there is nothing to worry about. There are all kinds of people in Wanshan Realm. Many people come out to make their own fortunes. They are all some Loose cultivators, those people don’t know much about Wanshan Realm, so even if our people show that they don’t understand anything, no one will doubt it.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Right now, our place has no connection with the Wanshan Realm and the Shadow Clan, so it is not very convenient for us to get in and out of here. Let's see, after a while I’ll give it some time to think of a way to make it easier for our people to get in and out of the Sword of the Abyss.”

Everyone responded, and they also knew that they could not get involved in this matter and could only look to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Now that we have arrived at Wanshan Realm, it means that we have to face new challenges. The people here in Wanshan Realm are definitely not simple, and according to our previous Analysis shows that the people here may be inextricably linked to the people in the outside world, so we must be careful and take precautions step by step."

Everyone responded, and Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Leave the arrangements for the sect to Wen Hai and you guys. Arrange the disciples to get familiar with the spiritual energy here. Leave the reconnaissance to you, Shi Jin. Okay, Let’s all disperse.” Everyone responded, then stood up, saluted Zhao Hai, then turned and left.

After everyone left, Zhao Hai returned to his room. Laura and the others were still waiting for Zhao Hai. They were still studying programming, but they were not as eager as they were some time ago. Zhao Hai knew that this was Because they have really gotten started, the rest cannot be studied in a day or two, so they are not in a hurry.

As soon as Laura saw Zhao Hai coming in, she smiled at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother Hai, do you want to go to Wanshan Realm to have a look?" Although Laura seemed to be asking Zhao Hai, but he There was a sense of certainty in his tone. Obviously, he knew very well that Zhao Hai would definitely enter the Wanshan Realm.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, I want to enter the Wanshan Realm to have a look. The connection between the Wanshan Realm and the upper world is too close. I must go to the Wanshan Realm. Take a look, I don’t feel at ease if you don’t go and see for yourself.” This is indeed Zhao Hai’s idea. The connection between Wanshan Realm and the Upper Realm is too close. It can be said that the great powers of the Upper Realm, through various The method has completely controlled Wanshan Realm. It is precisely because of this that he must go and see for himself. He really wants to know what the powerful people in the upper realm think.

Laura smiled and said: "I have guessed it a long time ago. You can go with peace of mind. There is nothing wrong in the sect now. All the disciples know what they should do. In this case, there is no need for you to stay all the time." In the sect, we should enter the Wanshan Realm earlier and understand the situation of the Wanshan Realm earlier, so that we can enter the Wanshan Realm earlier. If the Wanshan Realm is really inseparable from the upper world If there is a relationship, then we must be careful when dealing with the Wanshan Realm, because those powerful people in the upper realm have the ability to unite the Wanshan Realm."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, I think so too. You must pay attention to this, but there is nothing to worry about. Don't worry, I will handle this matter." Zhao Hai nodded. Hai also thought of this. With the strength of the Shadow Clan, they were beaten back by the alliance of the Wanshan Realm. Even if their strength was similar to that of the Shadow Clan, there was no guarantee that they would be able to defeat the Wanshan Realm. The various sects, because they still have the Shadow Clan holding them back.

The people of the Shadow Clan must hate them more than they hate the people of Wanshan Realm. In fact, the Shadow Clan people should not hate the people of Wanshan Realm. The reason why they attack Wanshan Realm is because they want to get Wanshan Realm. The territory of Wanshan Realm, so they don’t hate the people of Wanshan Realm at all.

But for the Blood Killing Sect, they can be said to hate it to the core. Their plans have been ruined so many times by the Blood Killing Sect, and so many Shadow Tribe people have died in the hands of the Wanshan Realm. In this Under such circumstances, if the people of the Shadow Clan knew that people from the Blood Killing Sect had entered the Wanshan Realm, they would definitely deal with the Blood Killing Sect. They would rather not deal with the people from the Wanshan Realm than they would deal with the Blood Killing Sect. This Zhao Hai and the others are certain of one thing.

And the people in Wanshan Realm cannot treat the Blood Killing Sect as friends just because they are the enemies of the Shadow Clan. If you really think that the enemies of the enemy are friends, then you are too naive, so a If things go wrong, the Blood Killing Sect will face a joint attack from the Wanshan Realm and the Shadow Clan, which is the most terrifying thing.

This situation is very likely to happen. Don't forget, how those people from the Ten Thousand Mountains Realm performed on the Black and White Battlefield. It can be said that there are many people in the Ten Thousand Mountains Realm who have already started colluding with the Shadow Clan. , no matter what their reasons are, they must be related to the Shadow Clan, and the Blood Killing Clan has no friendship with them. Once those people know that the Blood Killing Clan came out of the Black and White Battlefield, in order to prevent others from People know what they did in the Black and White Battlefield, and they will definitely deal with the Blood Killing Sect with all their strength, so the Blood Killing Sect must be careful in their actions.

It is precisely because of these worries that Zhao Hai believes that he must enter the Wanshan Realm, get a good understanding of the Wanshan Realm, and see what the situation is like there. After understanding the situation of the Wanshan Realm, Only then can he deal with Wanshan Realm better, this is what Zhao Hai thinks.

Of course Laura and the others would not object. A few of them fully supported Zhao Hai. They felt that Zhao Hai’s actions must be reasonable, so of course they would not object. In their opinion, Zhao Hai would not have any problems. It's over, he can just go to Wanshan Realm if he wants to. There's really nothing to worry about.

Laura and the others have always believed that Zhao Hai is the strongest. He has never worried that Zhao Hai will be defeated. They have confidence in Zhao Hai, so Laura directly asked Zhao Hai: "Brother Hai, what are you going to do?" Do it? Are we just going to do some reconnaissance, or are we preparing to establish a force that belongs to us in Wanshan Realm?"

Zhao Hai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "When I go to Wanshan Realm, I will have a look. If possible, of course I want to establish a force that belongs to us. Only in this way will we deal with Wanshan Realm in the future. , it will be easier, if not, then just ask about the situation in Wanshan Realm."

Laura nodded and said: "It would be best to establish a force, but at present, it is not easy to establish a force in Wanshan Realm, so Brother Hai, you should be careful Son, do we need any preparations here?" Laura has followed Zhao Hai for such a long time. She still understands Zhao Hai's thoughts very well. She knows very well that when Zhao Hai went to Wanshan Realm for reconnaissance, they were It's best not to be idle here at the Sword of the Abyss.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "The most important thing for you to do when you stay here at the Sword of the Abyss is to build this place so that you can attack when you advance and defend when you retreat. At the same time, you must study the energy chaos here. Flow, let’s see if we can use these turbulent energy flows. If we can use these turbulent energy flows, that would be the best. If we really can’t use these turbulent energy flows, then we have to find a way. , how to enter the Wanshan Realm in the fastest way, this is what you must do, but judging from the situation here in the Sword of the Abyss, it is unlikely to establish a teleportation array here. We We have to find another way.”