c7780 give up

When Tianjizi heard what Jiujie said, his expression couldn't help but move slightly. He looked at Jiujie and said, "You mean, the people of the Shadow Clan deliberately released a false news before, making us think that they were also manipulated. They were driven out of the Black and White Battlefield, so we wouldn't pay attention to them. But in fact, they secretly introduced the power of the Shadow Clan's laws to the Black and White Battlefield, and then sealed the space passage in the Black and White Battlefield? But like this That’s not right. If they got to the Black and White Battlefield in order to attack us from there, then if they sealed this space channel, wouldn’t they also be unable to attack us from here?”

Jiujie said in a deep voice: "That's not necessarily true. If they can seal the space channel, they should be able to open it. What if they did this on purpose? Let us think that they have sealed the space channel, but in fact But they can open the space channel from the other side. If that is the case, then wouldn't they be able to attack us from here at any time? We have made arrangements for other iron cables. If If the Shadow Clan attacks us on a large scale from there, then the magic weapons we place there will be enough to block their attack, but it is different here, we have not placed any magic weapons here before."

Tianjizi's face became serious, and he said in a deep voice: "You are right. If it is really like that, it will really be a trouble. But the problem now is that our sects can use it. All the magical weapons that I have been waiting for have been used in other iron ropes. It is probably impossible to refine those magical weapons in a short time. Moreover, even if the magical weapons are refined, they still need help. Dear Immortals, I'm afraid this is not easy to handle. In the past, we could say that it was to deal with the Shadow Clan. If we tell the Immortals about what happened this time, will those Immortals be angry? After all, we are equal to the Black and White Battlefield. It's a defeat." Tianjizi said that there was nothing he could do. The senior officials of the big sects all knew that the reason why they could fight against the Shadow Clan was because of the superior immortals in the upper world. The superior immortals in the upper realm would pass through. Their Dharma Aspects give a trace of immortal power, and when the immortal power is added to the magic weapon, the power of the magic weapon will become very huge and can resist the power of the Shadow Clan's laws.

But the problem is that they have been fighting against the Shadow Clan over the years, and they have been fighting openly and covertly with the Shadow Clan, but they have not taken any advantage at all. This has made the immortals in the upper world very dissatisfied. If those immortals knew about it, They lost the black and white battlefield again, and the Shadow Clan can attack the Wanshan Realm from there at any time. Those immortals will probably be even more dissatisfied. If they really have to be punished, then no one like them will bear it. Sorry.

It is precisely because of this that Tianjizi feels a very headache. Although they are not necessarily afraid of the Shadow Clan attacking directly, even if they attack, they can block it for a while, but they are afraid of those immortals from the upper world. Give up on them. If those immortals in the upper world really give up on them, then they will really be doomed.

Jiujie looked at Tianjizi and smiled slightly. In fact, he already had a secret in his heart. The reason why he didn't say it out until now was just to make Tianjizi worry. The two sects were fighting openly and secretly, and both wanted to suppress it. A fight with the opponent, but in terms of strength, Leiyin Temple is really inferior to Tianxuan Sect. Because of this, they want to overwhelm Tianxuan Sect in other matters. This time is an opportunity.

So Jiujie coughed lightly, then he looked at Tianjizi and said in a deep voice: "Taoist Master Tianjizi is right, we really can't ask the immortal to take action on this matter, otherwise it will appear that we are going too far. I am incompetent, so I have come up with a solution here, but I don’t know if I should take it seriously or not.”

Tianjizi was not an idiot and naturally knew what Jiujie meant. Although he secretly hated it, he did not show it. Instead, he smiled slightly and said, "I would like to hear the details." He knew very well that this time, even if It doesn't matter if Jiujie and the others are forced to fight, as long as they don't lose face.

Jiujie looked at Tianjizi's appearance and couldn't help but secretly hate him. He just hated those Taoist priests who pretended to be pretentious. Then he said: "First of all, we should first see what the use of the Sword of the Abyss is." , I feel that the Sword of Dark Abyss is really useless here. Before, you could enter the black and white battlefield here, but now you can't enter anywhere, so there is no use here anymore. I am so Say, Taoist Master Tianjizi, can you object?"

Tianjizi nodded and said: "It is true. There is indeed no use here. What Elder Jiujie means is to give up here directly? Cut off the iron lock?" Tianjizi is not an idiot, he just didn't think of it before. This little bit, so now that Jiu Jie has this little bit, he immediately understood what Jiu Jie meant.

Jiujie nodded and said: "Yes, what I mean is to cut off the iron lock, and cut it off from the bottom. Cut off only a little bit of the iron lock on this side, and then return to Wanshan Realm, and then cut off the iron lock at the bottom. There, first break the iron lock on this side, then cut off the iron lock on that side, and completely discard the broken iron lock. By then, the people of the Shadow Clan, even if they want to rebuild here, I'm afraid it won't be that easy with an iron rope."

Tianjizi said in a deep voice: "This matter is not something you and I can make the decision about. Let's report this matter. Before the sect doesn't reply, we will stay here. If the people of the Shadow Clan If they really come out of here now, let's give them one to fight head on." After saying that, Tianjizi took out a jade slip, entered some content into it, and then took out another one. The jade slip was directly placed on the teleportation array, and then a white light flashed on the teleportation array, and the jade slip disappeared.

Elder Jiujie would naturally not object. In fact, before he came here, he had already received some information from Tieduo, and then the sect had given him an order. The method he mentioned before was actually It was someone in his sect who came up with it, and he used it to disgust Tianjizi, but he couldn't tell Tianjizi clearly that I just came to disgust you. If that was really the case, then what would happen between him and Tianjizi? The feud was getting serious, so he also pretended to send a jade slip to the sect, as if he was asking the sect what it meant, but in fact he already knew the result.

After the two handed out the jade slips, a monk flew back from outside the cave. After arriving in the cave, he saluted the two and said: "Two elders, there is nothing abnormal in the cave I inspected. Please tell me." Don't worry, elder." After saying that, he bowed to the two of them and then stood aside.

Then people came back one after another, and they all reported the same situation. After everyone finally came back, Jiujie and Tianjizi also breathed a sigh of relief. If there were no problems, it would be easy to handle. Then they waited for Zong The sect’s opinion was heard, so Tianjizi spoke directly: “I discussed it with Elder Jiujie, and we have already made a decision. The Sword of the Abyss is no longer of any use to us, so we decided, If we give up the Sword of the Abyss, if the sect agrees, we will cut off the iron ropes here and then retreat to the Ten Thousand Mountains Realm, turning the Sword of the Abyss into an isolated island. What do you think?"

When everyone heard what he said, they were stunned at first, but then they all nodded. Of course they would not object. The only thing that attracted them before was the black and white battlefield here at the Sword of the Abyss. Now the black and white battlefield has disappeared. So what else is there? In the past, there were only some casual cultivators who would come here just to see if they could get anything. But for people like them, they don’t care about the life and death of those casual cultivators. , anyway, they are all members of the sect, who is in the mood to care about the affairs of those casual cultivators.

Seeing that no one was speaking, Tianjizi continued to speak: "Until there is no news from the sect, we will stay here. If there is a conspiracy from the Shadow Clan here, then nothing will happen as long as we are here. Son, if the sect really decides to give up here, then we will just cut off all the iron ropes here and then leave."

Everyone responded, and Tianjizi said in a deep voice: "Everyone, please take a rest. As soon as the sect has news, we will take action immediately." After saying this, Tianjizi waved the fly whisk in his hand, and a snow-white cloud appeared. Appeared at Tianjizi's feet and dragged him up, but Tianjizi then sat cross-legged on the clouds and closed his eyes.

When the others saw his actions, they didn't say anything. Jiu Jie snorted in his heart, but he didn't show it on the surface. Instead, he waved his hand, and a ninth-grade lotus flower appeared at his feet. He lifted him up, then he sat down cross-legged, inserted the tin staff into a small hole on the lotus platform, then closed his eyes and chanted silently.

The other people also showed their bravery, but no one would sit on the ground. Maybe in their eyes, sitting on the ground would be too embarrassing, so no one sat on the ground, and everyone sat on the magic weapon. No one spoke, and the whole cave seemed very quiet.

Only more than an hour passed, Jiujie suddenly opened his eyes, and then there was a jade slip in his hand. He glanced at the jade slip, then he glanced at Tianjizi, and then closed it. He picked up the jade slip and didn't say anything. He was still chanting sutras silently there. However, after Tianjizi closed his eyes, his eyebrows wrinkled slightly and unnoticeably.

About half an hour passed, and Tian Jizi also opened his eyes. Then he moved his hand and took out a jade slip. He swept his mental energy into the jade slip. Then he put away the jade slip and glanced at everyone. Shen He said: "Everyone, I have received the order from the sect. The sect means that you can give up the Sword of the Abyss here. Master Jiujie, I wonder what your sect's order is?" Tianjizi had a look on his face. He looked at Jiujie calmly.

Jiujie glanced at Tianjizi and said in a deep voice: "Our sect has the same idea, to give up the Sword of the Abyss. Because there is really no reason not to give up here, so the sect agreed to give up this place completely. "