c7786 explain

A month later, at night, the sky was pitch black, you couldn't see your fingers, and there was no light around. Coupled with the turbulent currents in the abyss, there were waves of strange whistling sounds, and the whole world seemed to turn into nine in one fell swoop. It is the same as the Nether Hell, but such an environment has no impact on Zhao Hai and the others. Zhao Hai stood to the east of the Sword of the Abyss with a calm face, looking at the Wanshan Realm in the distance, and behind him, many people followed , the leader was Shi Jin, followed by many disciples. Some of these disciples were very strong, some were not very strong, some looked very smart, and some looked very honest. , but these people are actually all selected from the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. They are all very smart. This time they will follow Zhao Hai and Shi Jin into the Wanshan Realm to inquire about the news and understand Wanshan. boundary.

Behind them, Wen Wenhai led the core elders of the Blood Killing Sect and all stood there. There was no light here, but for them, it didn't matter whether there was light or not. Their spirit Power is like eyes, you can see each other clearly.

Zhao Hai calculated the time and knew that it was almost time, so he said: "Okay, it's almost time. It's time for us to set off. Wen Hai, take care of your home and do everything you need to do. Shi Jin, let's go Let's go." After saying this, Zhao Hai waved his hand and a small boat appeared in front of him. Zhao Hai stepped onto the boat in one step and entered the cabin of the boat directly. Shi Jin and the others quickly followed, and everyone They all got into the boat. It didn't look like a big boat, but more than a thousand people got into it.

After everyone entered the boat, the boat sailed directly to the outside of the island. As soon as it entered the endless abyss, the endless energy turbulence immediately surged towards the boat, constantly impacting the boat, but that Although the boat is very small, it is very stable. Although the speed is not very fast, it moves forward steadily.

In the cabin of the boat, there is a huge inner space. Zhao Hai is sitting on the ground in this inner space. This inner space is also very simple. It is just a huge space with nothing. The height of the space is about five meters. , the area is very large, everyone can sit inside, and it doesn't feel crowded at all.

Zhao Hai sat there, looked at everyone, and said in a deep voice: "Everyone is selected from the sect and has been trained for a month, so I think you already know very well what we are going to do. You should also know what to do. This time, we entered the Wanshan Realm as casual cultivators, and we entered different places in the Wanshan Realm. We can usually contact each other and inform each other of the situation. If there is any You can report any problems to each other. If you are in danger, you can ask us for help immediately. But you must pay attention. Don't expose your strength until it is absolutely necessary. You must remember that from now on, You are no longer the disciples who have been killed in blood, but a casual cultivator who just came out of your hometown and wants to break out of the world."

Everyone agreed. They were all very smart people. The training in the previous month also let them know what to do. There are many casual cultivators in Wanshan Realm, and the source of these casual cultivators is actually very The simple thing is that those civilians, some of them, may have accidentally received some inheritance and gained strength, but because they are old, it is impossible to join that sect, and they don’t want to live an ordinary life. So they will choose to be casual cultivators. There are many such things in Wanshan Realm.

Zhao Hai looked calm, and then said: "But you can't just be a casual cultivator. You have to slowly let others discover your strength. If possible, it is best to show that you are through your own Practice to improve your strength, so that others will notice you, because if you don't let others discover your strength, you will always be able to stay at the bottom, and always stay at the bottom. It is absolutely impossible for you to know some high-level information."

Everyone also nodded, and they also knew that if they had always been the lowest-level casual cultivators, then it would be absolutely impossible for them to get some important information, because it was absolutely impossible for the lowest-level casual cultivators to get some high-level information. News, their level is too low.

Time passed little by little, and Zhao Hai calmed down. He glanced at these people, and then said: "If it is possible, you can also establish your own power. Whether it is a big power or a small power, you must establish If we meet a force that belongs to us in the future, we don’t have to pretend that we don’t know each other. We can just say that we are fellow villagers or have stayed in the same place. This will not attract people. Doubt it, but you have to remember one thing, that is, you can’t be in a hurry, do you understand what I mean?”

Everyone nodded, and Zhao Hai then said: "The more anxious you are, the easier it is to make mistakes, so don't be anxious. When you arrive in a new place, it doesn't mean that you must be known to everyone in the shortest possible time. , it is absolutely impossible to let everyone know that a person like you exists. You have to hide yourself, slowly integrate into a place, and then slowly come into contact with the people in this place, and slowly Climb up, remember my words, we are not in a hurry. If our identities are exposed because we are too anxious, it will be the opposite of what we wanted, do you understand?"

Everyone responded, and Zhao Hai's words slowly calmed down their hearts. They originally thought that after they arrived at Wanshan Realm, they would get the most news in the shortest time. , now it seems that is not the case at all.

Zhao Hai knew that there were many of these people and had never had such experience, so he had to say these things to them. Now seeing everyone's reaction, he nodded with satisfaction, and then said: "When we arrived at Wan After going to the mountain world, record everything you heard and saw. Maybe the other party's casual words will be very useful to us, such as those people's attitude towards each sect and the Shadow Clan. , you all have to write down how you react to your current living conditions, maybe these things can help us in the future."

Everyone responded. They really had not thought of this. They thought that when they arrived at Wanshan Realm, they must improve their status as soon as possible. By making their status higher, they could get more information. This is very important to them, but now it seems that it is not like that.

Zhao Hai then said: "That's all I have to say, it's up to you how to do it. If someone really dares to deal with you, don't be polite, but remember, if you really use your own If you are really capable, then you should not hold back. It is best to kill everyone who sees you taking action. Only in this way, other people will not know your true capabilities. At worst, we will just Go back to the sect.”

Everyone responded again, and Zhao Hai turned to Shi Jin and said: "Shi Jin, please tell me about the division of strength here in Wanshan Realm. We are all discussing it. We want others to think that we are scattered. Xiu, then what kind of strength should we show is most appropriate."

Shi Jin really hadn't thought about this issue before. He just told everyone about things to pay attention to in Wanshan Realm. Speaking of which, there really weren't many things to pay attention to in Wanshan Realm. There is only one thing that you must pay special attention to. If you are a casual cultivator, then you should never provoke a sect disciple. It is best not to even have contact with him.

The main reason why Shi Jin said this is that those sect disciples will not take a fancy to casual cultivators like them. Even if you come into contact with them, you will not get any benefits. They will only treat you as cannon fodder. , of course, that means you are a casual cultivator with no foundation at all. If you are a member of a casual cultivator gang, the situation will be better.

These are all things that disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must understand. Otherwise, they may suffer a loss. If they really kill a disciple of the sect in Wanshan Realm, it will also be a headache. Well, his identity will be exposed, which will have a great impact on the Blood Killing Sect. It is precisely because Shi Jin has been busy with these things that he did not say how the levels in Wanshan Realm are divided.

Now when he heard what Zhao Hai said, Shi Jin remembered it. He hadn't said anything about it yet. He quickly said to Zhao Hai: "Yes, Sect Master, this matter is my fault. I actually forgot about the hierarchy." But in fact, here in Wanshan Realm, there are actually two completely different systems for classifying levels, which are quite complicated."

Having said this, Shi Jin paused, thought for a while, and then said: "Basically, here in Wanshan Realm, the classification of levels is divided into two situations, one is joining the sect, and the other is Those who have not joined the sect are those who have not joined the sect, that is, those civilians, nobles, and royal families, and these people are divided into different levels according to their strength. Ranks are divided by the royal family. Ranks are divided according to the status of nobles. From low to high, they are civilians, knights, lords, barons, viscounts, earls, marquises, dukes and royals. These nine levels, these nine Among the three levels, only when the strength reaches the level of Baron can one truly understand the Dharma and have a real status. Only then can one have his own fiefdom and be recognized by various sects."

"As for joining the sect, they have their own set of levels, and the lowest level among them are those who have learned the Dharma. Their level division is actually more confusing, but they are generally based on the body's internal energy. The level of the Dharma is determined by how many magic circles there are. The lowest level is usually the Sancai level, which is also called the Sanhua level. Of course, some people only add two magic circles to the Dharma. This is generally called the Liangyi level. It’s a title given to the lowest-ranking disciples in a general sect.”