c7791 Apprenticeship

The child was still looking at Zhao Hai, but there was a look of confusion on his little face. This was the first time he had encountered something like this. Except for his father's friends, the people he had met before , others were almost all interested in his sword, and now, Zhao Hai had already got the sword in his hand, but returned it to him, which made him not know what to do for a moment. He had originally He was just a child who became what he is today after being fooled many times. However, Zhao Hai's behavior now was very different from what he knew before. He was unable to do anything for a while. Judgment was made.

After a while, he finally said: "My name is Lanka, are you really not going to snatch my sword?" Ranka was really curious, and he couldn't figure it out, what if Zhao Hai really didn't snatch his sword? Is the sword just to accept him as a disciple? But why? There was something really hard to figure out in his little mind.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka and said with a smile: "Yes, I don't want your sword. In fact, I can have as many swords as you want. Boy, how about becoming my disciple? As long as you If you become my disciple, you will definitely become a master and no one will dare to bully you anymore, how about that?"

When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately said with bright eyes: "How powerful is the master? Is Uncle Bearded great?" Lanka is still too young, and he doesn't know how powerful the master is. , so he can only say this if he compares himself with the most powerful person he knows.

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then he smiled and said: "I don't know how powerful Uncle Beard you are talking about, but if you become my apprentice, you will be very powerful." Zhao Hai did not say that he must be more powerful than Uncle Beard. Lanka's bearded uncle is very powerful. Although Zhao Hai knows that Lanka's bearded uncle may not be that powerful, he knows very well that in front of a child, if he says that his relatives or his idols are not powerful, That might be counterproductive.

When Ranka heard what Zhao Hai said, he thought for a while, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "As my disciple, can I eat delicious food? And the little black demon, he needs to eat a lot of space equipment. Can we still eat those things in the future?" Lanka and He were still quite petty, so he asked the question he was most concerned about.

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "Yes, of course, you can eat a lot of delicious food in the future, and your little black demon can also eat a lot of space equipment, how about it?" Do you want to become your teacher now?" Zhao Haidao was really amused by this Lanka. He really felt that this kid was really cute now.

Lanka may also know that he said the wrong thing, so his little face turned red and he said to Zhao Hai: "Okay, I will accept you as my teacher." After saying that, he knelt down and kowtowed three times to Zhao Hai. Each of his heads was kowtowed very hard and with great force. After kowtowing three times, Lanka said: "Master, please bow to me."

The way Zhao Hai looked at him seemed like he liked him so much. He quickly stepped forward and picked up Lanka. He laughed loudly and said, "Okay, good disciple, get up. From today on, You are my disciple now. Your clothes are too shabby. You must change them. You are also too dirty. You must wash them well and don’t move." After saying this, Zhao Hai waved his hand. A big water ball appeared in his hand, and then a flame seemed to suddenly appear in the water ball. The flame burned inside the water ball and did not go out. It took a while for the fire ball to disappear, and then Zhao Hai said: "Okay. , give you a bath." After saying that, Zhao Hai waved his hand, and the water ball immediately covered Lanka and the little black demon inside. Then the water ball started to rotate gently, and it took a while for Zhao Hai to disperse. water polo.

After Zhao Hai dispersed the water polo, the figures of Lanka and the little black demon were revealed again. Zhao Hai glanced at the two of them, nodded and said: "Not bad, not bad, come on, put on these clothes." ." While talking, Zhao Hai took out a small gray warrior uniform, underwear and other things, and used them all.

These weapons, uniforms and underwear were all made by Zhao Hai using the universal analysis machine of space. The materials used were all of the highest quality. They were a kind of silk, very strong, and there was a magic circle on it. , has strong defensive capabilities. Although it looks very ordinary on the outside, this dress is much better than the clothes worn by ordinary sect disciples.

Ranka looked at those clothes, but he was stunned. Although these clothes looked very ordinary, they were much better than his previous clothes. His previous clothes had been bathed by Zhao Hai long ago. By that time, they were all torn and couldn't be worn anymore. Now when he saw these clothes, he couldn't bear to wear them for a while.

Zhao Hai looked at him and couldn't help but smile and said: "Okay, put it on, come on, let me help you." After saying that, Zhao Hai picked up the underwear and put it on Lanka. Lanka looked at Zhao Hai Taking action, he immediately put it on himself. After a while, he put on all the clothes. After putting on all the clothes, Zhao Hai looked at Lanka, nodded and said: "Unexpectedly, our little Lanka, when you put on these clothes, you will immediately become a handsome boy, not bad, really good."

It is really like what Zhao Hai said, after Lanka put on this clothes, he really turned into a handsome boy immediately. This samurai uniform was made in space, so wearing it It is very suitable for Lanka. In addition, Lanka is very beautiful, with a hint of cleverness on his face. This makes him look smart, but also reveals a trace of intelligence. Heroic, really handsome.

While talking, Zhao Hai took out a piece of cloth and tied up his hair. In this way, little Lanka looked even more handsome, and the little black demon had taken a bath. , the fur on her body is also shiny, and she looks very beautiful. With her big eyes, she looks really cute.

Lanka felt a little embarrassed. He saluted Zhao Hai and said, "Thank you, Master." The etiquette was very thorough, and the salute was also stylish, which made Zhao Hai like it even more. He picked up Lanka and walked to the edge of the woods. Then he waved his hand and took out a few plates. These plates were all filled with food, including meat, vegetables, and a few pieces of dry food. These things are all made by Meg herself. Meg usually makes a lot of things and then puts them directly in the space. If Zhao Hai wants to eat at any time, he can just take them out to eat. Zhao Hai also took them directly today. come out.

He put those things in front of Ranka and said to Ranka: "Lanka, eat." When Ranka looked at the things Zhao Hai took out, his eyes were a little straight, and he looked at it with some confusion. Zhao Haidao: "Master, are these all for me? Food for me?" He really couldn't believe it, because he had never eaten such good food since he was born.

Here in Wanshan Realm, people also eat, but the food they eat here is also divided into three, six or nine grades. It is impossible for ordinary civilians to eat anything good. Their main food is There is something similar to potatoes called Huangjing. Although it is filling, it really doesn't taste very good.

Things such as vegetables, grains, and monster meat can only be eaten by nobles or sect disciples. It is impossible for ordinary civilians to eat them. In fact, casual cultivators are almost at the same level as civilians. They The food may be better than that of the common people, but it is not necessarily that good. Even if they can really hunt down some monsters, they will usually exchange these monsters for spiritual stones or for Huang Jing himself is reluctant to eat it, so casual cultivators are actually not much different from civilians. They are both a group of people living at the bottom of society.

And Lanka's father is also a casual cultivator. He may have done well among the casual cultivators, but that was before. Even when his father was around, he had never eaten anything good, let alone him. After his father passed away, after his father passed away, although his father's friends have always taken good care of him, they also have their own affairs and cannot always take care of him. Therefore, Lanka has been very miserable in the past year. This was especially true in the past few months, because all the people who took care of him disappeared, and his life was naturally not easy.

So now when he saw so much food, and it was so beautifully made, Lanka's eyes were straightened, and he kept swallowing his saliva. Zhao Hai looked at him and couldn't help but smile slightly: " Yes, it’s all for you, just eat it, there’s still more left.”

Lanka immediately cheered, and then immediately grabbed a chicken leg and started walking. The little black demon also stretched out his paws, grabbed a piece of meat, and ate it very happily. Monkeys actually need it sometimes. They eat meat, and the little black demon obviously prefers eating meat.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly when he saw them eating happily, and did not disturb them. He just let them eat freely. Anyway, he had a lot of food, so they could eat as much as they wanted. Little Lanka felt as if he was in a dream. He had never eaten such delicious food, and his mouth was filled to the brim for a while.

Zhao Hai didn't care, and took out some water for them to drink. After a while, Xiao Lanka, who was finally eating and drinking, stopped and burped. Zhao Hai looked at him and smiled slightly, Putting those plates and other things away, he then looked at little Lanka and said, "Lanka, where is your family? Why did you come here alone?"

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Lanka was stunned at first, but then his eyes turned red, and he said with a crying voice: "Dad is gone, Uncle Beard and the others are gone, everyone is gone, Lanka doesn't I know where they have gone, but I can't find them anymore." After saying this, he burst into tears and tears kept flowing. This really made Zhao Hai stunned, but he didn't speak immediately. Said: "Okay Lanka, don't cry, you still have mine, and master will take care of you in the future."