c7799 token

Qiu Wanqian looked at Zhao Hai. He was really a little undecided, because he really couldn't tell whether what Zhao Hai said was true or false. He was sincere, but what he said really made him unable to believe it. He didn't believe that Zhao Hai accepted Ranka as his disciple just because of Ranka's talent. This was somewhat unjustifiable. But looking at Zhao Hai, he didn't seem to be lying, so this made him very puzzled.

After a while, Qiu Wanqian said to Zhao Hai: "I don't care whether you really don't know or you pretend not to know. If you want to live, you'd better leave Linyuan Town. Otherwise, don't blame us for being rude. I don't care either." I’m not afraid to tell you that Linyuan Town is now under the control of our Blood Knife Gang, so you’d better listen to me, otherwise you will be the only one who is unlucky.”

Zhao Hai looked at Qiu Wanqian's look and couldn't help but smile, and then said in a deep voice: "I can't leave Linyuan Town, it doesn't actually matter. Linyuan Town is just a small place, and I don't really want to. Stay here, but Lanka doesn’t want to leave. He is my disciple. Naturally, I can’t safely leave him here alone. I have told you, no matter what you want from Lanka, As long as you tell me, as long as it's not particularly important, I can give it to you. What you are looking for is the things that belong to Lanka. If the things are given to you, then nothing will happen."

Qiu Wanqian looked at Zhao Hai and sneered suddenly: "Do you really not know what is on Lanka? If you really don't know, I can tell you, but I am afraid that you will know. After Lanka has something on her, she will be reluctant to give it to you. By that time, even if you want to leave, you will have no chance, I am afraid you will only die."

Zhao Hai looked at Qiu Wanqian's look, suddenly smiled and said: "You said that, I'm even more curious. Come on, tell me, what is it that is worthy of your efforts?" Zhao Hai also said I really want to know what Qiu Wanqian and the others want.

However, it can be seen from the reactions of Qiu Wanqian and the others that there may really be something remarkable about Lanka. Coupled with the performance of Old Liu Tou before, this also let Zhao Hai know that Lanka's life experience is absolutely unknown. It's simple, but it's really hard to tell what kind of extraordinary life experience he has.

Qiu Wanqian looked at Zhao Hai and sneered: "It seems you don't believe what I said, right? It doesn't matter, I can tell you now that Lanka has a token on his body, and that token It is a sect token. If you go to that sect with this token, you can let people from that sect accept you as a disciple. This news is very accurate, but no one knows where the token is. Only Lanka knows.”

When Zhao Hai heard what Qiu Wanqian said, he was stunned for a moment. Then he looked at Qiu Wanqian and said, "You said that Lanka has a sect token on his body? How is this possible? He is a child born in this small town. How could there be a sect to receive the license? Are you kidding me?" Qiu Wanqian's answer really surprised Zhao Hai. It is important to know that such a thing as a sect license, no matter which sect it is in, is They are very precious, especially those sect tokens that can recruit disciples, which are even more precious. Qiu Wanqian said that Lanka had one in his hand. How could he not be surprised?

Qiu Wanqian looked at Zhao Hai and was stunned, but then he burst out laughing. After a while, he stopped, but he still looked at Zhao Hai with a smile on his face and said: "Hahaha, it's really Unexpected, so unbelievable, you don’t know the existence of the token. So, is it really because of his talent that you accepted Lanka as your disciple? I have to say, you are really a hapless person who loves talents. , Hahahaha, it’s so funny, so funny.”

Zhao Hai looked at Qiu Wanqian, but he didn't smile, but frowned. He felt that something was wrong. Qiu Wanqian's attitude, Lao Liutou's attitude, Lanka's life experience, and now... With a sect token, all these things together indicate one thing, that is, Lanka's life experience is probably beyond his imagination. To be honest, Zhao Hai doesn't like this feeling.

Qiu Wanqian looked at Zhao Hai and thought that Zhao Hai regretted it. He couldn't help but stop laughing, but then there was a sneer on his face and he said to Zhao Hai: "Are you regretting it?" I'm telling you, it's too late to regret. It's useless. Now that you know about this, we can't let you leave alive."

Zhao Hai looked at Qiu Wanqian and said in a deep voice: "I still don't understand one thing. Lanka is just a child born here in Linyuan Town, and his father is already dead. Where did he get it?" That token? Where did you get the news? This doesn’t make sense at all. His father is just a casual cultivator, so it is impossible to get any token. If there is really a token, why did his father No need? Are you going to leave it to him instead? All of this is unjustifiable, right?"

Qiu Wanqian looked at Zhao Hai and smiled coldly: "It seems that you really don't know anything. It's really pitiful. You don't know anything, so you dare to wade into this muddy water. I have to say , you are really courageous, it can also be said that you are really unlucky, that's all, considering that you are about to die, it doesn't matter if I just tell you, you will know sooner or later anyway Yes, this is not a secret."

Speaking of this, Qiu Wanqian looked at Zhao Hai, smiled slightly and said: "You should know from Lanka that the courtyard we live in was not ours originally, but belonged to several friends of Lanka's father, but Aren't you surprised? How could some of their casual cultivators live in such a large courtyard? This kind of courtyard is almost the top courtyard here in Linyuan City, right? Why do they have such a big courtyard? yard? Aren’t you curious?”

Before Zhao Hai could answer, Qiu Wanqian smiled and said: "Actually, the reason is very simple, because Lanka's father and his father's friends were originally the controllers of Linyuan Town. They were originally from the Ancient Sword Gang. People, I heard that the name of this gang was because Lanka's father got the ancient sword, so they gave it such a name. They originally controlled Linyuan Town, and that token, I heard it was Lanka's father. It's a family inheritance, but it doesn't mean that if you hold that token, you will definitely become a disciple of the sect. You have to see if you have the talent first. If you don't have the talent, just take the token. At most, that sect can only become a handyman disciple. Do the handyman disciples know what it is? Just trust a servant, or a handyman servant. They can't learn much, they can only work, and That token can only be used once, so Lanka's father has never been willing to use it. He wants to wait until a talented person appears in his family, and then use that token to send him to the sect. Go and let him become a disciple of the sect directly, so that their clan will be truly officially developed."

"Later, Ranka's father died when he went out for an adventure. When he went out for adventure, he would not take the token with him. Instead, he gave it to Ranka and asked Ranka to take it with him. He hid it because he was worried that one day if he could not come back, the token would disappear with him, and then Lanka would lose the qualification to enter those sects to practice."

"Speaking of which, Lanka's father is really a fool. He is guarding a chicken that lays golden eggs in Linyuan Town, and he actually wants to go out and take risks on his own. This is really unfathomable. Of course, because they There are no fees charged to the people here in Linyuan City, so they have to take risks on their own, and if anything happens here in Linyuan City, they have to come forward to solve it. It is really a thankless job. They do this , and indeed they have received support from many people. There are many people in Linyuan City who are very grateful to them, but so what? Once they die, won't everything be over? They will get nothing. I won’t leave anything behind, not even my own children.”

"Lanka's father is dead. His father's friends still take great care of this kid and have no intention of snatching the token from the kid. It's a pity. It's such a pity. They could have taken that kid. I wanted to get a token to join that sect, but they didn’t do it out of loyalty. In the end, they took advantage of me. I had different ideas from them. They felt that there was no future in becoming a handyman disciple of those sects, but I But I don’t think so. I think it’s very good to become a handyman disciple of those sects. In any case, it can be regarded as joining that sect. As long as you perform well, you can always stay in that sect. , you can also take a wife and have children. If your children are talented in the future, they can also join the sect. And because you are a servant disciple of the sect, you are also one of the sects. You want to let them It should be easier for children to join the sect and have a better development. Unfortunately, they can't understand this, so in the end they can only take advantage of me. How about it? Do you understand now? Do you regret it? ?”

After saying this, Qiu Wanqian looked at Zhao Hai with a joking face, hoping to see a look of regret on Zhao Hai's face, but what was disappointing was that there was no regret on Zhao Hai's face. Instead, he looked at Qiu Wanqian and said: "I really didn't expect that it was because of this. It turns out that Lanka really has a sect token in his hand, but that thing, to me, is really nothing." Yes, is it enough to join those sects? Not necessarily. What you learn after joining those sects may not necessarily be suitable for you. And if you really become a handyman of that sect, you Do you think your child will still have a chance to become an official disciple of that sect? By then, how will the disciples in those sects view your child? Forget it, what's the use of telling you this, you don't You will understand, but if you put it this way, I know what to do. That token is passed down from the Lankan family. Whether he uses it or not, it is his thing. It was something left by his father. It's his idea, I won't give him to you, so, for the sake of you telling me so many things, I can spare your life and let you go, how about that?"