c7792 Enter the town

Zhao Hai held Lanka in his arms and comforted him for a long time. Only then did Lanka stop crying. Zhao Hai continued: "Lan Ka, can you tell me when your father disappeared? You Where is mom? Who are your Uncle Beard and the others? When did they disappear? "

When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, he looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion and said, "Dad disappeared a year ago. Who is mother?" Lanka's question made Zhao Hai stunned for a moment, and he immediately He realized that Lanka might not have seen his mother since he was born, so he didn't know what a mother was.

Zhao Hai let out a long breath, and then said: "What about your Uncle Beard? Who is he?" Zhao Hai heard that Lanka had received his Uncle Beard, so Zhao Hai wanted to know who this Uncle Beard was. After all, if he really wants to accept Lanka as his disciple, it will be troublesome if he meets this bearded uncle in the future.

Lanka said in confusion: "Uncle Beard is Uncle Beard. He is a good friend of daddy, but he has also disappeared. It has been, um, three months, yes, three months. Three months ago, Sometimes I went out to play and met the little black demon. Then the little black demon and I ate a fruit each, and then fainted. When I woke up and returned to the town, I found that Uncle Beard and the others were missing. I asked the people in the town. They didn’t say where they had gone. They just said that they left and were afraid they wouldn’t come back. There are a lot of bad guys in the town now, and they all want to rob me. sword, I will kill them."

Zhao Hai nodded and didn't ask any more questions. Instead, he pondered for a moment and then said, "It's almost dawn now. Let's go back to the town and have a look." Zhao Hai still wanted to go to Linyuan. Town, he must understand the situation here in Wanshan Realm, and Jianyuan Town is his first stop.

When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately became excited. He immediately shouted excitedly and said: "Okay, okay, Master, come to my house. Can you go to my house to rest?" After saying this, he said Looking at Zhao Hai longingly, Zhao Hai looked at him and couldn't help but smile knowingly and nodded. Lanka cheered excitedly and stood up. Then Zhao Hai ran towards Linyuan Town. Seeing him jumping up and down, Zhao Hai felt happy for a while.

Children's joy may be very simple. Sometimes a word or a meal can make them happy and get closer to you. Their hearts are very pure. Once they are If you are recognized as their relative, then you are their relative, and they will treat you as the closest person.

Ranka followed Zhao Hai and walked forward, and said to Zhao Hai: "Master, my family is very big, with a big yard. Uncle Beard and the others used to live next to me, but now they are gone. Many people lived in Uncle Beard's house. I didn't want them to live there, but they ignored me and beat me. There were too many of them and I couldn't beat them, but they didn't rob my house, because if they If they try to rob my house, I will fight with them. If they don’t dare to fight with me, they won’t dare to rob my house.”

When Zhao Hai heard what Lanka said, he couldn't help but feel sour. A seven or eight-year-old child said that he wanted to fight with others, which shows what his living environment is like. Moreover, Zhao Hai felt that for a small town like Linyuan Town, In fact, we can almost have a general understanding. Geographically speaking, Linyuan Town is a place where casual cultivators live. The people here will not farm in peace and contentment. They all make a living by taking risks. , and the more such a place is, the darker it actually is, and various small gangs may exist.

In the past, Lanka's father and his uncle Beard were probably members of a small gang. Otherwise, they would not have built many big houses in the town. But Lanka's father died, and his Uncle Beard They may have been killed or defeated and fled the town, so their houses stayed and were naturally occupied by those who defeated them. Those people also wanted to occupy Lanka. House, but Lanka had to fight with those people, and those people's strength may only be average. They found that if Lanka really fought with them, they might suffer a lot of losses, so they didn't go to occupy Lanka. Card's house, but Zhao Hai doesn't think that those people will let Lanka go. They will definitely not let it go. They will definitely deal with Lanka, but they don't know when.

The two walked and chatted all the way, and soon they arrived outside the town. Lanka did not stop, and directly followed Zhao Hai towards the town. At this time, the sky was already getting brighter, and the town seemed to come to life. , there are already people outside, especially on the main street of the town, where some shops have opened their doors and started doing business.

Those who opened the shop door couldn't help but be startled when they saw Lanka and Zhao Hai walking in. Then they looked at Zhao Hai with a strange look. Zhao Hai saw a trace of confusion in the eyes of those people. There was a trace of disdain and a trace of anger, which made Zhao Hai immediately understand that the people in the town must have thought that he had deceived Ranka, so Ranka was so close to him.

Just as the two were walking forward, a voice suddenly came: "Lanka, who is this person?" The voice was very loud. Zhao Hai turned around and found that the speaker was a tall man. However, this man looks to be quite old. His hair and beard are a little gray. He is very strong and has a very obvious scar on his face. This scar extends from the corner of his left eye. When it came to his lips, it looked very scary.

Lanka seemed to know that person, and he immediately smiled and said: "Grandpa Liu, this is my master, master, this is my Grandpa Liu. He is very kind to me and often gives me some delicious food." Lanka was obviously very close to the old man, so he immediately introduced the old man to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai saluted the old man and said with a smile: "Hello, old man, my name is Zhao Ying. I met Lanka outside the town last night and found that he has a good talent, so I accepted him as a disciple. I will teach him in Linka in the future." I’ll live here in Yuan Town for a while, so please take good care of me.”

The old man was slightly startled when he saw Zhao Hai being so polite, and then he clasped his fists at Zhao Hai and said: "Don't dare, don't dare, sir, you are too polite. This Linyuan Town does not belong to anyone, anyone can be here." Stay, but I didn’t expect that Sir would actually accept Lanka as a disciple. Sir, you may not know that Lanka’s identity is a bit special. If Sir, you accept Lanka as a disciple, you may be in trouble, so please Sir, please think twice." Although there was nothing wrong with his tone, his eyes were full of hostility and wariness.

Zhao Hai could see that this old man really cared about Lanka. He couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Please rest assured, old man, I'm really not afraid of any trouble. If Lanka wants to take me to his house, I'll first Go and have a look, we will meet often these days, and I will trouble you more in the future." After saying that, he gave the old man a fist, then turned to Lanka and said: "Lanka, let's go to your house to see Look, we’ll be hanging out in a while.”

Lanka responded, then turned to the old man and said: "Grandpa Liu, I will take Master home for a visit first, and I will come out to beat you later." After saying that, he followed Zhao Hai and walked towards the town. The old man looked at Zhao Hai and Lanka, opened his mouth, but didn't know what to say. In the end, he sighed and turned around and entered a nearby shop.

Zhao Hai had been paying attention to the old man. Now when he saw him entering the shop, he immediately paid attention to the shop. Then he discovered that there was actually a grocery store with a lot of things in it, which were commonly used by monks. , and outside the store, there is a sign that reads "Recycle various materials and medicinal materials at high prices!"

As soon as Zhao Hai saw the sign, he couldn't help but laugh. This world is really like this. No matter which world it is, some grocery stores are almost all the same, and the same goes for the grocery stores here. Then he withdrew his attention. , paying attention to the situation around him, he soon discovered that there were many people around him paying attention to him, and the eyes of those people were different. Some people's eyes were similar to that of the old man, with hostility in them. There was a trace of wariness, a trace of disdain, and some had a malicious look, and that look was not only directed at them, but also at Lanka.

When the two people passed by a large store, the clerk in the store also saw the two of them. When the clerk saw Lanka holding Zhao Hai, his eyes flickered, and then he turned around and left. Of course, Zhao Hai also Noticing the boy's movements, he didn't pay attention and followed Lanka to a small alley nearby. After a while, they came to a row of houses.

This is a row of very large houses. Each house has its own courtyard and covers a large area. There are high walls built outside the courtyards. Now there is movement in those courtyards, and there are bursts of noise. The sound came from those yards, mixed with bursts of laughter and curses. It was obvious that the people living in the yards were in a good mood.

Ranka looked at those courtyards, his face was straight, and he snorted: "Those courtyards were originally the courtyards of Uncle Beard and the others, but now they have been taken away by those people. When I gain strength in the future, I will definitely I will take back all those yards and kill all those people."

Zhao Hai didn't say anything, but he noticed what Ranka said. Ranka said that he would kill those people. He did not say that he would drive those people away. This shows that this is his true thought. To be honest, Zhao Hai He really didn't expect that a child as old as him would be so murderous. He would kill people when he opened his mouth. This was definitely not the way a normal child should think, but he also knew it very well. , this is also caused by the environment. If Lanka were not so fierce, I am afraid he would have died long ago and would not be alive until now. The environment can really change people.