c7797 Visualize

Zhao Hai looked at the little black demon with a look of surprise on his face. He was really curious about what kind of thing this little black demon was. He could have such an ability. This seemed to be the talent of a monster. But he has never said that any monster has such a talent. This is so surprising.

Soon Zhao Hai thought of a possibility. Could it be that the situation of the little black demon was the same as that of Lanka? They all had this ability after eating that kind of natural treasure. Yes, if this is really the case, then the situation will be completely different.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately said to Lanka: "Lanka, can you still find the place where you and the little black demon ate the fruit? Can you take Master to see it?" Zhao Hai now said to Lanka Ka and the little black demon were really curious about the fruit they ate. He really wanted to know what kind of fruit it was that had such an ability.

When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately nodded and said: "Okay, but Master, after we ate the fruit, the small tree with the fruit died directly and finally turned into ashes. , we were sad for a long time, and I’m afraid you won’t be able to see anything when you get there.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "It doesn't matter, let's do this. Let's go and take a look tomorrow. Today I will teach you the training method first. Lanka, your training method cannot be the same as the little black demon's training method." , so the practice method I teach you may cause you some hardship, but you must persist, do you understand?"

When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, his little face couldn't help but straightened up. He immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Yes, Master, please rest assured, Master, I will persevere. My father has taught me since I was a child that I have to endure hardships." Only through hardship can you become an immortal. Master, I am not afraid of hardship, please teach me."

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka and couldn't help but nodded, and then said: "Okay, as long as you are mentally prepared, come on, sit down now, master will teach you the first step." After saying this, Zhao Hai Hai took out three futons and put them on the ground, then took the little black demon off Ranka's shoulders, and then he said to the little black demon: "Little black demon, starting from today, you will also follow I study. Although you and Lanka have different things to learn, the first step is the same. So when you practice, you must be separated from Lanka. After practicing, you can continue to play. Son, but when practicing, you can’t be together all the time, otherwise you will affect each other, and no one can practice well, do you understand?”

The little black demon squeaked a few times, and Lanka said to Zhao Hai: "Master, the little black demon said that he knows, and he will be obedient." Lanka said it very seriously, and after he finished speaking, Xiao Hei The demon nodded, which surprised Zhao Hai. He really didn't expect that Lanka could understand the little black demon's words.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but glance at Lanka and the little black demon. Then he immediately took a look at the hair of one person and one monkey. Sure enough, in the center of the two people's heads, there was a The red dots, the size and position of these two dots are all exactly the same.

As soon as he saw this small dot, Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. He then said to the little black demon and Lanka: "I really didn't expect that you two have signed a soul contract. It's rare. It's really rare." Zhao Hai The soul contract that Hai talks about is a symbiotic contract signed between humans and monsters. People who have signed this contract and monsters, their souls, and their lives are all shared, and they live together. , dying together can be said to be the most difficult contract that anyone can make with a monster.

The person and the monster who have signed this kind of contract will become each other's best partners. They know what the other person thinks. It can be said that they are connected. And their fighting power is definitely not as simple as one person plus one beast. , their fighting power will definitely be very powerful.

Zhao Hai breathed a sigh of relief, then he nodded to Lanka and the little black demon and said: "Okay, now do as I say, you all close your eyes, imagine that there is a pair of eyes looking into your body, it must be Pay attention, see what attracts you the most, and let me know when you see it.”

Lanka responded, and then both he and the little black demon closed their eyes, and then began to look inside. Zhao Hai was sure that Lanka had not practiced before. Although he might know some things about practicing, he really They have never practiced before, so if Zhao Hai told them to let them look directly inward, they would not understand what it meant, so that's why he said this.

After a while, Ranka said: "Master, I discovered that there is a light group, which attracts me very much." Ranka didn't look like he was lying. It was obvious that he really saw a light group, but this was definitely not the case. What Zhao Hai wanted him to see, what Zhao Hai wanted him to see, was that thread.

So Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "No, you have to find out what attracts you the most. There may be many things that can attract you, but you have to find out what attracts you the most. Little Black Demon, so do you. If you find out what is Let Ranka tell me what attracts you the most." The little black demon squeaked twice and stopped making any sound.

Lanka also responded, and then started to look inward. After a while, he suddenly said: "Master, the thread you see is the thread I use to kill people." Maybe it was because he was too young. The reason may be because of his living environment. He doesn't know what fear is at all, so when he talks about killing people, he doesn't feel anything special at all. Maybe he really doesn't take killing people seriously. Son.

When Zhao Hai heard what Ranka said, he couldn't help but be stunned. He really didn't expect that Ranka would find the thread so quickly. You must know that the first time you look inside, sometimes you will have a lot of hallucinations. , because when you look inside for the first time, you will find that there are many things that are very attractive. If you are an ordinary monk, there is nothing. No matter what is attractive, just look at it, but Lanka is different, he must You have to find that thread.

However, Zhao Hai thought that it would take a long time for Lanka to find the thread. But now it seems that he didn't need it. He found the thread so quickly. This is really surprising. But Zhao Hai thought about it and immediately understood what was going on. The thread was like Lanka's natal magic weapon. The natal magic weapon was naturally more attractive to Lanka than other things. Maybe there would be Many things attract Ranka, but when Zhao Hai asked Ranka to find out what attracted him the most, Ranka would of course be attracted to the silk thread in the first place.

At this time, Lanka spoke again: "The little black demon also discovered it. He said that he had a black bead that attracted him. He said that there seemed to be a lot of things in that bead." When Zhao Hai heard about Lanka Saying this, you know that Lanka and the little black demon have found the right place, which makes Zhao Hai even happier.

Zhao Hai immediately said: "Okay, Lanka, now focus your attention on that thread, all your attention, all on that thread, try to control him, little black demon, You too, you have to try to focus all your attention on that bead, pay attention to the changes in that bead, and try to control it."

Ranka responded, and the little black demon also squeaked. Then Zhao Hai discovered that the little black demon and Ranka entered the state of meditation almost in an instant. When a monk enters meditation, he is actually divided into There are many kinds, one is to enter concentration while practicing the exercises, one is to enter concentration while studying the exercises, and the other is to enter concentration while visualizing.

Visualization by monks is also a process of practice, and when they reach this stage like the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, their visualization is actually visualizing their own Dharma, and what the monks visualize at the beginning will eventually become It often becomes their Dharma image. There are also inextricable connections between visualization and Dharma image.

The so-called visualization is actually very simple to say. People will have distracting thoughts. It can even be said that there are too many distracting thoughts. No matter what you are doing, you will have distracting thoughts. What is visualization? Visualization is a way for you to focus your attention, and the thing you visualize is actually very particular. It can be a real thing, an illusion, or something you imagine. The process of visualization is the process of describing this thing in your mind with full concentration. During this process, you will abandon all distracting thoughts and put all your attention on describing this thing. Above, this is visualization.

The purpose of visualization is to improve people's mental power and make your mental power stronger. When your mental power is stronger, it will naturally be easier to concentrate. This is the ultimate goal of visualization, because monks are most afraid of practicing. The thing is that there are distracting thoughts, and the distracting thoughts will slowly turn into inner demons. Once a monk is controlled by the inner demons, he will fall into endless distracting thoughts, and these distracting thoughts will eventually turn into endless illusions. This For a monk, it is very fatal.

Under normal circumstances, when monks visualize, it is also when they practice. When they draw their visualization patterns, it is also when their mental power is most concentrated. In the words of monks, at this time, their spiritual platform It is clear and clear, and at this time, the spiritual energy in their bodies will also start to circulate, and it will automatically operate according to the training route, so that their training will be normal.

But if they have distracting thoughts, or are controlled by distracting thoughts, then the spiritual energy in their bodies will be out of control, but they don't know it. In the end, the spiritual energy will be out of control, and they will naturally be dead. Even if their spiritual energy is out of control, they will be dead. Once they really fall into distracting thoughts, they will be like a madman living in their own world. They can't see or hear anything. They will only see what they want to see. , what I want to hear is naturally very crazy in the eyes of others, so inner demons are actually very scary, because inner demons can really kill people, even if they don’t kill you, they can still kill you. But if you fall into the inner demons, you will also become a madman. And the more distracting thoughts there are, the crazier the person will be. In the end, there will be a conflict that destroys everything. Then naturally, he will become a murderous madman. .