c7790 sword

The reason why Zhao Hai is so interested in this child is because Zhao Hai had a similar thread before, that is, the three thousand feet of white hair. He has always felt that the three thousand feet of white hair is very useful, and its origin is not simple, so before he Although he used the white-haired Sanqianzhang, he didn't dare to use it more. Later, although he used the dragon energy dragon, he quickly took it down because he always felt that the white-haired Sanqianzhang was definitely not that easy to deal with. , he felt that if he used Baihao Sanqianzhang for a long time, there would be problems.

So now when Zhao Hai saw the silk thread used by the child, he thought of his white hair. Although generally speaking, they are not the same thing, but their functions are the same. This makes Zhao Hai I couldn't help but become more interested in this child.

In addition to the child, he was also very interested in the little monkey. The little monkey could actually know so many kinds of spells, and he could actually eat some space preparations, which meant that he could understand those Space preparation, and under normal circumstances, the materials used to make space equipment are actually nothing extraordinary. There are many ordinary materials that can be made into space equipment. However, if you want to destroy a space preparation, you can also You must be careful. Once the space preparation is destroyed, a small space fold will be formed. This space fold is actually very lethal, so even a monk wants to give a space preparation to You must be careful about completely destroying it.

But that little monkey can eat a piece of space equipment directly. If he doesn't like the materials prepared in that space, or he likes the space in that space equipment, he will eat the space equipment from that little monkey. , and from the fact that there is nothing wrong, it can be seen that this little monkey really likes the space in the space equipment.

When the child heard what Zhao Hai said, his face changed slightly. He couldn't help but become wary. He looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Who are you? What do you want to do? Do you want to do something for those people?" Revenge?" When he said this, there was already a hint of fierceness in his eyes.

Zhao Hai looked at this child who was like an angry kitten and couldn't help but smile slightly: "I don't know them? Why should I avenge them? I have no interest in those people at all, but I am interested in you. , I am very excited, boy, you have a good talent, do you want to become my teacher?"

When the child heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then he immediately looked at Zhao Hai and said with some confusion: "I want you to be my teacher? Why? Judging from your appearance, you are just a casual cultivator. I I want you to be my teacher, what can you teach me?" As he spoke, the child kept looking at Zhao Hai. Although he was not old, listening to his words, he understood a lot.

Zhao Hai looked at the child's appearance and couldn't help but smile slightly: "I can teach you a lot. I will only tell you after you become my teacher. Let's do this, kid. If I don't guard you, I will stand still." Here, I let you attack me. If you can hurt me or attack me, then I will let you go. Otherwise, you will worship me as your teacher, how about that?"

"The little black demon is my companion. We have always been against the same enemy. Can he also help me attack you?" The child looked at Zhao Hai for a while and suddenly said, but he was When he said this, his eyes were shining, and it was obvious that he had been making this idea for a long time.

Zhao Hai looked at the child and couldn't help laughing and said: "Hahaha, good boy, he is very cunning, but that's right. If you want to survive among those casual cultivators, you can't do it without being cunning. You can Keep going." Zhao Hai certainly didn't care about the little monkey's attack, so he said this.

The child looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Isn't it because of this thing that you accepted me as your disciple?" As he said that, the child moved his hand and took out something, which was a long sword. , but the shape is very simple, and it looks like it has been there for many years. The sword is dull and dull, but although this sword looks like it is just an ancient object, it gives people a deep and majestic feeling.

Zhao Hai glanced at the sword, then raised his eyebrows slightly, and then said in a deep voice: "Is it because of this sword that those casual cultivators attacked you?" Zhao Hai almost figured out what was going on. Now, with the things the child said before and the sword he took out now, Zhao Hai already understood why those people attacked the child. It should be for this sword.

The child nodded and said: "Yes, this sword is a good thing. It was left to me by my father. When I grow up, I can use this sword. Many people have seen this. After getting the sword, they came to rob me, but I killed them all. Some people wanted to adopt me, and some wanted to accept me as their disciple, but their ultimate goal was all for this sword. If If you accept me as your disciple because of this sword, then I can give you this sword now. As you can see, I can’t use this sword at all now, and I don’t need this sword at all.”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile. Then he reached down and the sword flew directly into his hand. Originally, the child had secretly wrapped the sword with the silk thread in his hand. , but when Zhao Hai stretched out his hand, the sword flew directly into his hand, and the silk thread in the child's hand fell off automatically.

As soon as he saw the sword falling into Zhao Hai's hand, the child's expression changed. He had encountered many such things before, and those people wanted to use various methods to take the sword away from him. He was deceived from his hands, and some people wanted to snatch the sword from his hands. In order to prevent those people from suddenly snatching the sword, he used silk thread to rob the sword. If he was entangled, he believed that no one would be able to snatch the sword away from him.

But now Zhao Hai just stretched out his hand, and the sword was already in his hand. His silk thread had no effect at all. This shocked the child. At the same time, he was really anxious. He had not done anything before. He's not lying. This sword was indeed left to him by his father. His father used to be here in Linyuan Town. He was a very powerful casual cultivator and was very famous in the casual cultivator community of Linyuan Town. He is good at work and good at making friends, so he has a very good reputation in Linyuan Town, and many casual cultivators have received his favor.

And this sword was left to him by his father. After his father went on a mission a year ago, he never came back and only left him this sword. This year, he has been in town. He grew up under the care of others. Of course, there were many people who had ideas about his sword, but they were all killed by some of his father's friends. Three months ago, when he went out to play, he met a little boy. The black demon played with the little black demon. Later, when the two of them were playing in the wild, they found a small tree with two fruits growing on it. Each of them ate one, and then they After fainting, when they woke up, the little black demon could use spells, and also liked to eat space equipment, but he could stretch out a silk thread from his hand. This thread was very tough, And his speed has become much faster.

When he returned to Linyuan Formation, he found that Linyuan Formation had changed. Some of his father-like friends in the past had all disappeared. Linyuan Town was now occupied by another group of people, and In Linyuan Town, there were fights every day. Some people from Linyuan Town knew him, so they took advantage of him. After almost losing his sword a few times, he grew taller. In addition, he has no one to take care of him now, so he has to take care of himself, so he has learned a lot of things, one of which is to use the sword as a bait to lure the enemy into the wild, and then kill them Drop and rob them of their belongings. Until I met Zhao Hai.

Now when he saw that Zhao Hai had snatched the sword away, he couldn't help but became anxious. He immediately shouted: "Give me the sword back." After saying that, he moved and rushed towards Zhao Hai. The speed was very fast. Just when he rushed to Zhao Hai, the silk thread in his hand also turned into a circle and was directly pulled towards Zhao Hai.

The silk thread was immediately put on Zhao Hai's body. Then the child stepped back and pulled the silk thread in his hand. He usually used silk thread to fight enemies in this way. It was difficult for ordinary enemies to avoid him. With one blow, he believed that he would not miss this time, because his thread had already caught Zhao Hai.

But just when he pulled, he found that his hand was light. The pull just now did not seem to encounter any resistance. This was very abnormal. He couldn't help but look towards Zhao Hai. , only to find that Zhao Hai, who was trapped in his circle, disappeared like a bubble.

Just when he was stunned, he heard a voice coming from beside him: "It's a good sword, but it can only be regarded as a good sword. It's not something extraordinary. This is I just don't like the things." The child was stunned. He turned around and found that Zhao Hai was standing next to him, looking at him with a smile on his face. At the same time, Zhao Hai also stretched out his hand. When he came out, he handed the sword directly to the child.

The child jumped a step to the side in fright, but he reacted immediately and took the sword back without reaching out, then put it away immediately, and then looked at Zhao Hai with a vigilant look. , the little monkey kept squeaking at Zhao Hai, as if threatening Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at the child and said with a smile: "What's your name?" Zhao Hai was even more curious about this child now. He really wanted to know the child's name, because in his It seems that this child's strength is really good. He is interested in this child, not the sword in his hand. To be honest, although the sword in this child's hand is good, the sword can only be regarded as It's not bad, it can't catch Zhao Hai's eyes at all, so Zhao Hai doesn't care at all.