c7794 Blood Knife Gang

When the man heard what Zhao Hai said, his expression couldn't help but change. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Friend, you'd better be more knowledgeable. This is Linyuan Town, the territory of our Blood Knife Gang. This little brat belongs to us." For the person that the Blood Knife Gang is interested in, you'd better not get involved in this matter, otherwise it will be no good to you."

When Zhao Hai heard what the man said, he couldn't help but smile. Then he looked at the man and said, "Why are you so rude? I really don't know what my disciple deserves to be so worried about." Zhao Hai is now I felt that these people were staring at Lanka so much not only for his yard but also for the flying sword in his hand.

The man who was talking to Zhao Hai flashed his eyes, and then he said in a deep voice: "Friend, if you don't speak secretly in front of people, you should also be here for the flying sword in this kid's hand, right? We are also here for that one. Flying sword, so you'd better stop thinking about that flying sword, otherwise, don't blame our Blood Knife Gang for being rude."

Zhao Hai looked at the man's appearance and said with a smile: "Blood Knife Gang? I have never heard of it, but I do know a gang that uses blood knives as weapons, but their strength is much stronger than you." Yes, and the flying sword you mentioned belongs to my disciple. I don’t intend to take it. It’s just a flying sword and can’t catch my eye. But no one can snatch my disciple’s things, so you’d better give up. This idea, otherwise, I can guarantee that your life will not be easy."

As soon as Zhao Hai saw the man's eyes, he understood that that person was definitely not after the flying sword in Lanka's hand. In other words, there must be something else in Lanka's hand that would make those people covet him. Heart, but what exactly is it? Zhao Hai doesn't know, and he doesn't want to know. In fact, he doesn't need to know. There are not many things in this world that can make him covet, and it can even be said that there are none, so he doesn't care if Lanka has something in his hand. what.

The man looked at Zhao Hai, and his expression slowly turned cold, with a hint of murderous intent flashing in his eyes. He looked at Zhao Hai and snorted coldly: "Friend, judging from your appearance, you are also a casual person." Cultivation, right? If you really just take a fancy to this child's talent and want to accept him as a disciple, then you'd better find out his life experience. If you don't really want to accept him as a disciple, but someone else. If you have a purpose, I advise you to give up this idea and don't underestimate our Blood Knife Gang. You absolutely cannot afford to offend our Blood Knife Gang."

Zhao Hai looked at him and couldn't help but smile and said: "Okay, then I'll go and find out. I really want to know what is there about the Blood Knife Gang that I can't afford." After that, Zhao Hai pulled Lanka and walked forward, but at this time, Lanka made a face at those people.

The man's face was very ugly, but he didn't take action because he couldn't see clearly the depth of Zhao Hai's strength, which made him dare not take action casually. However, after Zhao Hai left, he immediately said to the person next to him: : "Go and inform the boss. Suddenly, there is a master next to that little kid. Ask the boss what we should do next."

Someone immediately responded, then turned around and ran into the yard, but that person looked at the direction Zhao Hai left with a sneer on his face, with a vague expression on his face, and his eyes kept flashing. , I don’t know what he is thinking, but it is obvious that he has ill intentions towards Zhao Hai and Lanka.

Zhao Hai and Lanka walked out of the alley and came to the main street of the town. As soon as they arrived at the main street, they saw an old man in a grocery store not far away, looking at them with eyes that kept moving. Flashing, Zhao Hai thought for a while and said to Lanka: "Lanka, let's go to that grocery store and have a look?" What Zhao Hai was talking about was naturally the grocery store of the old man who blocked his way before.

Lanka didn't think much about it, but said excitedly: "Okay, okay, let's go to Grandpa Liu's shop. There are many interesting things in Grandpa Liu's shop." After that, he pulled Zhao. Hai walked towards the miscellaneous shop, and as soon as the old man saw Zhao Hai and Lanka coming, he immediately stood up from the stool and stared at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai led Lanka into the grocery store and took a look at the store. The store was not very large and filled with all kinds of things. Zhao Hai took a look and found that those things were all It was very general. Most of them were things used by casual cultivators. Although he didn't know the use of some things, he could guess a rough idea.

After the old man glanced at Zhao Hai, he took out a small ball from the store. The outside of the ball was made of animal skin, but he didn't know what was put inside. It was round and very elastic. , the old man gave the ball to Lanka, smiled at Lanka and said: "Lanka, can you take this and go out to play for a while? Grandpa Liu has something to say to your master."

As soon as Ranka saw the little ball, his eyes immediately lit up, and then he immediately nodded and said: "Okay." After saying that, he took the ball and ran out directly, outside the grocery store, and followed The little black demon started playing happily, laughing from time to time. The child's innocent laughter made Zhao Hai smile knowingly.

"Who are you?" Just when Zhao Hai was looking at Lanka, a voice suddenly came, interrupting Zhao Hai's thoughts. Zhao Hai turned his head and looked at the old speaker. What he said just now was What the old man said, the hostility in the old man's eyes did not dissipate at all, and he stared at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "I am a casual cultivator. I met Lanka outside the town last night. At that time, he was being attacked by a group of people. But what makes me curious is that he killed two of them, and his The little monkey could actually cast spells, I was very curious, and later I found out that this child had a good talent, so I wanted to accept him as my disciple, so I accepted him."

When the old man heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but snorted and said: "Is there any other reason? I saw a child on the road and thought that the child had good talent, so I accepted him as a disciple? Are you kidding me? Who in the right mind would do this?" The old man obviously didn't believe what Zhao Hai said.

When Zhao Hai heard what the old man said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "What else do you think I can do because of? Because of the flying sword in his hand? Haha, that kid is so smart. When we first met, he took out the flying sword. The sword came to test me, but unfortunately, I am a physical practitioner, and flying swords are of no use to me, and what I value is his talent, not the flying sword in his hand."

When the old man heard what Zhao Hai said, the expression on his face did not change. Instead, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Did you really just take a fancy to his talent? No other reason? Let me tell you, this child's life experience is... It's very complicated. If you really accept him as a disciple, you may be in trouble, so you have to think clearly."

When Zhao Hai heard what the old man said, his expression couldn't help but squinted, and then he looked at the old man and said, "I really want to know, what's so complicated about this kid's life experience? I just went to him Family, his father is not an ordinary person, right? He also mentioned his uncle with a beard. It seems that they used to be very powerful in this town, but now, they should be dead, right? Apart from these, I really can’t see how complicated his life experience is.”

When the old man heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but snorted and said: "Things are not that simple. Boy, let me tell you, Lanka's life experience is beyond your imagination. If you are thinking of other ideas, in the end, It’s better to give up the idea as soon as possible, lest you die in the future without knowing how you died.”

Zhao Hai turned to look at the old man and said in a deep voice: "You have always said that Lanka's identity is not simple and that I would be in danger if I get close to him, but you did not say that he would be in danger. Does that mean that , those people in the town who occupy his uncle's house with beard are actually not taken seriously by you. Do you think those people can't threaten Lanka? From this point of view, Lanka's life experience is really not simple. , I originally thought that Lanka’s father should be the leader of a gang in this town, and his identity and status were nothing more than that, but now it seems that it is more complicated than I imagined.”

A look of awe flashed in the old man's eyes. He didn't expect that Zhao Hai could think of so much just from his few words. This surprised him a little, but he still looked at Zhao Hai and said, "So what?" , so what if it’s not? You’d better stay away from that child, it’ll be good for you.”

Zhao Hai looked at the old man's appearance and couldn't help but smile slightly: "It seems that you know a lot of things. Maybe you know what is going on. Maybe you are a participant after all, or you have been protecting Lanka. person, but I want to tell you, no matter who you are, it doesn’t matter, Lanka is my disciple, I will not let him be harmed at all, and if you are really wholeheartedly protecting Lanka If so, you must pay attention to the changes in this town. Those who occupy Uncle Lanka’s yard are definitely not simple. There is no guarantee that there are no people standing behind those people."

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, a look of astonishment flashed across the old man's face, and then his eyes couldn't help but flicker. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "What do you know?" Zhao Hai The words made his heart sink. He felt that there was something in Zhao Hai's words, and he felt that Zhao Hai seemed to know something. He had to ask clearly, because he could not care about other things, not even the life or death of Lanka's father. But he cared very much about Lanka's life and death, so he had to ask clearly.

Zhao Hai looked at the old man's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "It seems that your identity is not simple, haha, but this has nothing to do with me. Lanka is my disciple, I will protect him, and those who occupy Lanka The identity of the people in Uncle Ka's house is definitely not simple. This morning, they also used the sword on Lanka's body to test me, but I was tested instead. I can feel that they are not They are not here for Lanka's flying sword, they have other purposes. As for their purpose, I don't really care. Anyway, I just want to ensure Lanka's safety."