c7796 looking inside

Just after Old Liu Tou's jade slip was teleported away, he immediately put up the teleportation array and listened carefully to the situation outside. Only after he found nothing happened did Old Liu Tou let out a sigh of relief. He was very He knew very well that if others knew about his teleportation array, his end would probably not be too good.

After waiting for a long time, a white light suddenly lit up on the passing array, and then a jade slip appeared on the array. Old Liu Tou was shocked, and he immediately took out the jade slip, and then directly He took a look at the contents of the jade slip. After reading it, he let out a sigh of relief and immediately put the jade slip away, and then carefully put away the teleportation array.

He has never put his teleportation array in his own space preparation, because he knows very well that almost everyone in the monks has their own space equipment, and they will also put their most important things directly in the space. If you carry it with you in space equipment, you will not put it in your own residence. In this way, it may be the safest to put some important things in your own residence.

Old Liu Tou walked out of the bedroom, his face calm again. He already knew what he should do, so he wouldn't mess around again. He became the old man in the grocery store again, keeping watch every day. He lives in his own grocery store, but here, no one will offend him, because he has his own channels and can get some cheap and useful things, so no one will offend such a person.

But Old Liu Tou didn't know that when he was using the portable teleportation array, there was someone who knew what he was doing. That person was naturally Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai's mental power was far beyond what Old Liu Tou could compare with, so he kept After using his mental power to monitor Old Liu Tou, and after discovering Old Liu Tou's movements, he immediately knew that the identity of Old Liu Tou must be unusual and must be related to Lanka. But what is the relationship? I don't know, but Zhao Hai has memorized the coordinates of the portable teleportation array used by Old Liu Tou. With these coordinates, he may be able to find out Lanka's life experience in the future.

In fact, at this time, Zhao Hai had returned to Lanka's home. He did not lead Lanka back to the room, but stood in the yard. Ranka stood in front of Zhao Hai, looking at it somewhat at a loss. Looking at Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Lanka, master will take a look at your physical condition in a while to see what kind of exercises are most suitable for you to practice, and then follow your instructions. I'll teach you how to practice, do you think it's okay?"

Ranka didn't know anything about this aspect, so he just nodded and said: "Okay, I will listen to Master." In Ranka's view, Zhao Hai did not take away his good things, but also gave him delicious ones. And he is still his master, so he will naturally listen to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile when he looked at Lanka. Then he glanced at the little black demon again and said with a smile: "I can also be simple with the little black demon. He is very smart and can learn to practice. As long as he Once you learn how to practice, he will practice with you from now on, and by then he will become your best helper."

"Okay!" Ranka yelled even louder this time. For a child like Ranka, the little black demon is not just his pet, but also his playmate and friend. What's the good thing? Son, he wanted to share it with his friends. He could practice. Naturally, he also hoped that the little black demon could practice, so when he heard Zhao Hai say this, he seemed particularly excited.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile when he looked at him, and then said to Lanka: "Lanka, close your eyes now. After a while, I will input a trace of spiritual energy into your body. If you feel like If there is a current of heat flowing, don't be afraid, just close your eyes, close your eyes now."

Ranka responded, then closed his eyes, but Zhao Hai smiled slightly, and then said: "I'm starting." After saying that, he put his hand on Ranka's head, and then a trace of spiritual energy entered Ranka's head. He must know what is going on inside Lanka's body, so that he can teach Lanka the exercises based on this situation.

After Zhao Hai's spiritual energy entered Lanka's body, he immediately discovered that Lanka's body was different from other people's bodies. Other people's bodies had flesh and blood, meridians, and spiritual energy, but Lanka's body contained , also has flesh and blood, but his flesh and blood is somewhat special. The strength of his flesh and blood is much stronger than that of ordinary people, and there is also a trace of spiritual energy in his body. This spiritual energy is even more special. He is not It's just stored in Lanka's meridians, and it's also stored in Lanka's flesh and blood. There is actually a thread in Lanka's body. This thread actually grew directly from his bones. The one now The threads were wrapped around his bones, as if they were part of his bones.

Zhao Hai retracted his hand, closed his eyes, and frowned slightly. To be honest, Lanka's physical condition gave him a headache. This was the first time in so many years that he encountered a situation like Lanka's. This kind of situation He has really never encountered this before, because Lanka's current situation is obviously that he has taken Tiancai Dibao, and then accumulated a lot of spiritual energy in his body. In fact, he has indigestion, and according to normal In other circumstances, he would be overwhelmed by these spiritual energy, but he is fine now, which is a miracle in itself.

And Zhao Hai also knows that the reason why Lanka is fine is because the spiritual energy in his body is now very stable, and it is precisely because this spiritual energy is very stable that he can survive until now, and he The reason why the spiritual energy in his body is so stable has a lot to do with the silk thread in his body. It can be said that the silk thread is like a stabilizer, stabilizing all the spiritual energy in his body. That’s why Lanka will be fine.

But if Lanka is really allowed to practice, then these spiritual energies must be moved. Once these spiritual energies are moved, stability will naturally be out of the question. Once stability is lost, then these spiritual energies will become unstable. It was really dangerous. Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but feel a headache.

After finally thinking about it, Zhao Hai suddenly thought that Lanka's situation is a bit like some monster beasts that have taken the genius treasure. The situation in the bodies of those monster beasts is similar to that of Lanka. Their bodies are full of spiritual energy. And those auras are still very stable, and the auras in those monster beasts are so stable because they have a stabilizer in their bodies. This stabilizer is actually the monster's natal magic weapon. The monster's natal magic weapon is usually As part of their body, the monster only needs to slowly use his own magic weapon to absorb all the spiritual energy in his body. Then his strength will naturally become stronger, and he will have one more , a powerful magic weapon.

When the monsters use their magical weapons to absorb spiritual energy, their bodies will also absorb the spiritual energy, so that their bodies will become stronger and stronger. In the end, when his strength becomes stronger, his magical weapons will naturally become weaker. They have become more powerful. This is the training method of those monster beasts that have eaten the treasures of heaven and earth. It can be said that their training method is indeed much stronger than ordinary monsters. Ordinary monsters Yes, they must absorb a large amount of spiritual energy for practice, but they are different. They have a large amount of spiritual energy for their use. The step of absorbing spiritual energy is omitted by them, so that they can cultivate. The speed of practice will naturally be faster.

Although Lanka is not a monster, his current situation is similar to that of those monsters. Although he doesn’t know what the thread is, it can naturally be his natal magic weapon, so he now uses human training The method no longer works, we must use the training method of the monster clan.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but slowly opened his eyes. He glanced at Lanka and found that Lanka still had his eyes closed. Zhao Hai looked at him and couldn't help but smile slightly and said in a deep voice: "Okay Lan. Ka, open your eyes, I'm going to check the little black demon next."

Lanka responded and opened his eyes. He glanced at Zhao Hai curiously, but didn't say anything. However, Zhao Hai's eyes fell on the little black demon at this time. The little black demon shrank his body. He shrank, but did not hide away, nor showed a fierce look towards Zhao Hai. It was obvious that he knew that Zhao Hai had no ill intentions towards him.

Then Zhao Hai's hand fell on the little black demon's head, and then a trace of spiritual energy was input into the little black demon's body. The situation in the little black demon's body was similar to that in Lanka's body, but Zhao Hai felt a little surprised. Yes, there is a core in the body of the little black demon. This core looks like a black bead. Zhao Hai used his spiritual energy to explore the bead, but he found one that surprised him greatly. The fact is that there is an inner space inside the bead, but the inner space inside the ball cannot be used to hold things. There are actually many magic circles there.

This discovery surprised Zhao Hai. It was really the first time for him to encounter a situation like the little black demon. Whether it was a person or a monk, he had never encountered such a situation. Although the monks were cultivating After practicing the Dharma Appearance, the location of their Dharma Appearance seems to be another space in the body, and a Dharma Formation can be added next to the Dharma Appearance. However, before the Dharma Appearance appears, another space will not appear inside the human body, and It's still a space that can't hold anything but some magic circles, which is very weird.

Zhao Hai also immediately understood why the little black demon used those spells. It turned out that it was all because of this inner space. There were so many magic circles in this inner space, so he used so many spells, and Zhao Hai I almost understand why the little black demon wants to eat those space equipment. It may be to make the inner space bigger.

And this is the strangest thing about Zhao Hai. You must know that the inner space where the Dharma in the monk's body is located is all developed by himself. The area of ​​this inner space will slowly increase as the monk adds the magic circle inside. It has become bigger, but this is the first time he has discovered that like the little black demon, he relies on space preparation to make the inner space area in his body larger.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.