c7795 inquire about

"Are you sure about ensuring Lanka's safety?" The old man's voice came, with a hint of ridicule in his voice. It was obvious that he was not optimistic about Zhao Hai's strength. In his opinion, Zhao Hai also He is just a casual cultivator, and his strength is only at the level of three talents. There is really nothing to say about him.

Zhao Hai glanced at the old man and said in a deep voice: "Is it possible? You should know it soon. Those people should take action soon, because my appearance is a variable. No matter what they want to do, they will be there soon." After I appear, you must take action to deal with me, or you will not start in advance, and you will naturally know when the time comes." After speaking, Zhao Hai smiled slightly, walked outside, and came to Lanka's side.

As soon as Lanka saw Zhao Hai coming out, he immediately picked up the ball and said to Zhao Hai: "Master, let's play ball together?" As he spoke, he raised the ball, his little face full of tears. With a longing expression, it was obvious that he really wanted Zhao Hai to play with him.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's play together, but we can only play for a while, and then we will go back. Lanka, you are no longer a child now, you must practice, Only by practicing will you become stronger in the future, and no one will dare to bully you."

"Okay, okay, Master, let's go back to practice now. I want to become stronger faster." When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, he forgot all about playing ball. Obviously , here in Wanshan Realm, everyone knows that practice is the most important thing. Even children like Lanka know it, especially Lanka. He has gone through great changes. If he hadn’t eaten a spirit by mistake, If, with that special ability, he is probably in danger now, so he understands the importance of practice more, and enters into his heart. After practicing, it is more just to let They are not bullied, but this is enough. As long as they want to practice, that's fine.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka's appearance and said with a smile: "Don't worry, even if you are practicing, you still have time to play. Come, Master will play football with you." After saying that, Zhao Hai took Lanka's hand. Zhao Hai threw the ball to the ground, and then he gently picked it up with his foot, and the ball flew up from the ground. Then Zhao Hai started to kick the ball with his feet, never letting the ball go. After landing, he used his head and shoulders to push the ball up from time to time. The ball was like an elf, constantly jumping on Zhao Hai's body, but it never fell to the ground.

Seeing that the ball never fell, Lanka couldn't help but clapped his hands and screamed, shouting and jumping, looking very excited. In his opinion, Zhao Hai's move was really too powerful, which made him respect Zhao Hai. He became even more excited. After a while, Zhao Hai caught the ball, then put the ball on the ground, smiled at Lanka and said: "Come on, Lanka, you try it too, see if you can make the ball go away." Fall to the ground."

Lanka responded excitedly, and then he immediately kicked the ball up, but he didn't know how to kick the ball, so he kicked the ball away. When he wanted to catch the ball, The ball had rolled away, and he couldn't kick the second kick anymore, which made Lanka feel a little annoyed.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka's appearance and said with a smile: "Lanka, playing football is not that simple. The ball is round. You have to use your toes to pick up the ball. You use the power of your toes. It is a kind of The power of picking up, you see, it has to be like this." Then Zhao Hai put the kick on the ground, and then stretched out his foot to pick up the ball.

His movements were not very fast. Everyone could clearly see his movements. He stretched his feet under the ball, then raised his feet, and the ball flew straight up. His The whole process and all movements are very slow and can be seen clearly.

Those who watched the two playing the ball were all experts. They all knew how difficult it was for Zhao Hai to do this. It was not that easy for ordinary people to pick up the ball like Zhao Hai. You must know that the ball But it flew straight up, and Zhao Hai's entire process was done in slow motion. Logically speaking, there is no way to exert force in such movements, but Zhao Hai did it. What does this mean? Anyone with training experience will know that this means that Zhao Hai's use of power has reached its peak, so he can do this.

Lanka didn't know this, he only knew that his master was very powerful, so when Zhao Hai put the ball on the ground, Lanka also tried it again and again, but it was easy to see what Zhao Hai did. This matter, in his hands, has become not that easy. The ball is rolling around, but it doesn't listen to his words. The little black demon kept squeaking on the side and jumping up and down from time to time, as if he was very anxious.

Lanka was really stubborn. He kept trying, and a few times he actually picked up the ball. However, the ball he picked up flew forward diagonally, not straight. Flying into the sky, but this is already very good. Zhao Hai did not blame him. In addition to giving him some pointers, he also praised him a few words after he picked up the ball, which also made Lanka even more excited. .

In this small town, many people saw the two of them, watching them having fun there, but those people had different thoughts. Some were thinking about Zhao Hai's identity, and some were thinking about Zhao Hai's identity. People have other ideas, and Zhao Hai has been secretly observing those people, wanting to see what those people want to do.

Soon Lanka was sweating profusely. Zhao Hai looked at him and smiled quickly and said: "Okay, Lanka, let's go home. We have to practice next. Let's go. "Lanka was very obedient, responded, picked up the ball, wiped the sweat from his head, then ran to the grocery store and returned the ball to Old Man Liu, who refused with a smile. He said that the ball would be given to Lanka. At the same time, he glanced at Zhao Hai with a very complicated look, but said nothing more.

Zhao Hai saw the old man's movements, he nodded towards the old man, and then led Lanka, who ran back, towards Lanka's home. Along the way, he naturally attracted the attention of many people, until the two of them After disappearing into the alley, those people began to whisper, obviously asking about Zhao Hai's whereabouts.

Several people who were familiar with Old Liu Tou also came to the grocery store. One of them, a casual cultivator who looked to be in his thirties and had a bleak look on his face, said to Old Liu Tou: "Old Liu, who is that guy?" ? Why are you with little Lanka? You seem to be very close?" Several people around him also looked at Lao Liutou, wanting to get the answer from him.

Old Liu Tou glanced at them and said in a deep voice: "He said that his name is Zhao Ying. He saw Xiao Lanka outside the town yesterday. He thought Xiao Lanka's talent was good, so he accepted Xiao Lanka as his disciple. I don't know. What he said to Little Lanka, Little Lanka really agreed, and he really regarded him as his master, so he followed Little Lanka into the town and lived directly in Little Lanka’s home.”

Hearing what Old Liu Tou said, the others couldn't help but be stunned, and then he immediately said to Old Liu Tou: "Old Liu Tou, that guy really became Xiao Lanka's master? He didn't do it for Xiao Lanka Is he here for the flying sword of Xiao Lanka? I think he came here for Xiao Lanka’s flying sword. Xiao Lanka has grown up watching us, and his father has been helpful to all of us in the past. We must not watch. Xiao Lanka has been attacked, no, I have to teach him a lesson."

When Old Liu Tou heard what he said, he couldn't help but shook his head and said: "Forget it, it's useless. I heard what he said. When he met Xiao Lanka yesterday, Xiao Lanka tried him with the flying sword. He didn't ask for it, and he said that he was a physical practitioner, and it was useless to ask for flying swords. He just took a fancy to Xiao Lanka's talent. Although he was accompanying Xiao Lanka'er just now, you should have seen his actions. , that guy is definitely not that easy to deal with, so it’s better not to mess around yet, and do you think the Blood Knife Gang will keep watching him get so close to Little Lanka? Just watch it first, and we’ll tell later.”

When the man heard what Old Liu Tou said, he nodded, and then he said: "Okay, let's wait and see. If that guy really dares to mess around, we will fight with him." After saying that, he led a few people away. Old Liu looked at them with twinkling eyes, not knowing what he was thinking. Then he returned to the store and entered a small room inside the store. This small room was very There was only one bed, one table, and one chair. He came to the bed, lifted up the quilt on the bed, and exposed the room board inside. Then he lifted up a bed board, and there was something inside that bed board. There was a box. He took out the box, opened it, and took out an iron plate.

This iron plate looks very complicated. Anyone with a discerning eye can recognize it at a glance. This iron plate should be a formation plate. Old Liu Tou took a look at the formation plate, then sighed softly, and then he took out a jade slip. , entered some content into the jade slip, then placed the jade slip on the iron plate, and then input magic power into the iron plate. A white light flashed on the iron plate, and then the jade slip on it disappeared. The disk turned out to be a teleportation array.

Teleportation arrays are actually very common in Wanshan Realm, but this popularity is relative. In those sects, this kind of teleportation arrays are very common, and each sect will have many. Fixed teleportation arrays. Down below, teleportation arrays in various countries are actually very common. As long as there are some larger cities, there will be such teleportation arrays. However, small towns like Linyuan Town do not have such teleportation arrays at all. There are many kinds of teleportation arrays. As for portable teleportation arrays, there are even fewer. Even in various countries, the number of portable teleportation arrays is not very large. Only some noble family heads have one, and others do not. Yes, so flying with a sword is still the mainstream here in Wanshan Realm.

But in a place like Linyuan Formation where there is not even a fixed teleportation array, Old Liu Tou has a portable teleportation array. If others knew about this, they would definitely be shocked, because Old Liu Tou gave the impression to the people in the town that He is just an old casual cultivator with some connections and can open a small grocery store. Who would have thought that he would have a teleportation array in his hand? This kind of thing is simply not something that a person of his status can possess.