c7793 courtyard

Lanka led Zhao Hai to a large courtyard. There was a door in front of the courtyard. The door was not very big and could only accommodate two people entering at the same time. However, Zhao Hai knew very well that this courtyard should be very large because There are no doors beside this door. You can only see other doors very far away from the courtyard. That is to say, this door is the only entrance and exit of the courtyard. Then you can know that this courtyard How old is it.

These two doors looked very ordinary, just two ordinary wooden doors, but who was Zhao Hai, he could clearly feel that there was an energy on these doors, and he immediately judged that these two doors There was actually a magic circle on the door, so Zhao Hai did not move. He knew very well that if there really was a magic circle on the door, and he did not have a way to open the door, then if he wanted to move the door , may be attacked.

At this moment, he saw Lanka directly put his hand on the door, and then pushed the door, and the door was pushed open directly. Zhao Hai was stunned, but he still noticed that when Lanka pushed the door just now, A trace of blue light flashed at the position of his hand, and Zhao Hai couldn't help but be a little surprised. He knew very well that the reason why there was a blue light on the door was probably a way to open the door. The thing needed to open the door was not Lanka's fingerprint. That was the power of his bloodline. He really didn't expect that the magic circle here was so strong.

At this time, Lanka also turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Master, come in, this is my home, and my family is very close. When I have nothing to do, I play with the little black demon at home. It's very fun." As he spoke, he led Zhao Hai into the yard of his house, and the little black demon kept squatting on Ranka's shoulders. Obviously, Ranka was already suitable for the weight of the little black demon, even though he had walked so far with the little black demon. Although I ran a lot, I didn’t look tired at all.

But yes, the little black demon's body is very small to begin with. In addition, he is a little monkey and is very thin, so the weight is not very heavy. Since he has been staying on Lanka's body, Lanka It was quite normal to adapt to his weight, and Zhao Hai was not surprised.

Zhao Hai also entered Lanka's home at this time. As soon as he entered Lanka's home, Zhao Hai couldn't help but be a little surprised. He really didn't expect that Lanka's home would be so big. When he entered the door, he saw a person with an area of ​​1,000 square meters. The large courtyard and the ground of the large courtyard are all paved with loess, and it seems that the loess has been processed to make it very hard and the ground is very flat.

There is a row of houses in the yard. Although this row of houses is also made of wood and yellow, they look very tall and beautiful. The roofs of the houses are not tiles, but a kind of grass, which is very long. And the paving is very neat. Although the materials used in this house are not good, it can be seen that this yard should be a rare good yard in this small town.

Lanka seemed very happy and relaxed after entering the yard. He turned around and said to Zhao Hai excitedly: "Master, look, this is my home. Let's go in. My home is very big. There are many rooms. Many uncles and uncles used to live here, but then they all moved away, and I was the only one left here. Uncle Beard originally wanted me to live with him, but I I don’t want to go, I want to stay here and wait for dad. I want to wait for dad to come back.” At the end of the sentence, his expression became a little gloomy.

Zhao Hai glanced at the yard, then at Lanka, and said with a smile: "This is very nice and beautiful. Your father may have something to do and will be back soon. Lanka, don't you want to go somewhere else?" See, only by looking elsewhere can you become stronger."

Lanka thought for a while, then shook his head and said: "No, I still want to stay here, I want to wait for dad." Lanka said this very firmly, Zhao Hai looked at Lanka, but He didn't know what to say. He had already guessed that Lanka's father must have encountered misfortune. He was afraid that he would not be able to come back. If Lanka kept waiting, there would be no results. There is no use leaving the card here.

Zhao Hai gently touched Lanka's head and said with a smile: "Okay, then we won't leave. Lanka, please show me around. I want to see what Lanka's home is like." "Yes." Zhao Hai knew that children need to be coaxed, and if you directly order him, sometimes it will only cause resentment.

As expected, Lanka's attention was diverted by Zhao Hai. He responded immediately and then led Zhao Hai into the room. The rooms here were all very large. The room that Lanka entered was the largest one. There is a living room and two bedrooms in this room, and the two bedrooms are together. One is a large bedroom, but it seems that no one has lived in it for a long time, and some things have been left behind. There is a layer of dust. Although Lanka has always lived here, you cannot expect a child who has lost a loved one and has to worry about food every day to clean the room. That is not realistic.

Behind the big bedroom, there is a small bedroom. There is a small bed in that small bedroom, and there is a quilt on the bed. It seems that people often sleep on it. This should be Lanka's room. You can say this The rooms are very simple, without even some basic daily necessities. Apart from the bed and the quilt, there is nothing else. The only ones left are some tables and chairs. But it can be seen that no one has used those tables and chairs for a long time.

Lanka said to Zhao Hai: "Master, this is where I live. Outside is my father's room. You can sleep in my father's room at night. Master, I am taking you to see other places. There are many interesting places here." ." After saying that, Lanka led Zhao Hai to look at other rooms. There were beds in all the other rooms, but there were no quilts or anything else. However, the beds in those rooms could be seen at a glance. Used before.

Zhao Hai knew that this place should have been full of people before. If his previous guess was true, it meant that Lanka's father must have been a man of status and status in this town before. When he thought of Here, in the backyard of the yard, there is a row of houses. Among those houses, one is a canteen, one is a care room, and one is a woodshed. It can be said that this yard is quite good.

Zhao Hai also noticed that this courtyard should be protected by a magic circle. He could feel a trace of the energy of the magic circle from the courtyard wall, and this magic circle is still running. From here It can be seen from a little bit that the identity of Lanka's father is definitely not simple.

After visiting the yard, Lan Ka said to Zhao Hai: "Master, you are so capable, can you help me take back Uncle Beard's house? I don't want those people to live in Uncle Beard's house." Lan Ka said. Ka looked at Zhao Hai with hope. In his opinion, Zhao Hai was so capable that he could definitely help him get those yards back.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka and said with a smile: "It's no problem to help you get those yards back, but even if those yards are taken back, your Uncle Beard and the others won't come back. Then you can take those yards back." What's the use of snatching it back?" For Zhao Hai, it was really easy to kill the people in the yard and snatch the yard back, but he didn't want to think so now, so he asked Lan like this Ka, Zhao Hai doesn't want Lanka to live in an illusory world all the time. He wants Lanka to make his own judgment.

After listening to Zhao Hai's words, Lanka frowned and thought for a while, then he said in a deep voice: "Master, I remember that Uncle Beard and Dad used to have many subordinates, and those uncles would listen to what Dad and Uncle Beard said. , Uncle Master, how about you let those people listen to you?"

Zhao Hai was stunned, then he looked at Lanka and found that Lanka was looking at him expectantly. Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile, and then he laughed and said: "Okay, Lanka's idea is good, but Lanka Ah, you have to remember, you can’t be in a hurry when you do anything, you have to do it slowly. We first need to know how many people there are, and then we can deal with them all, so that they can become mine. A subordinate, right?”

Lanka seemed to understand, but he still nodded and said: "Yes, you must first know how many people they have and how many people they have before you can beat them. Otherwise, if there are too many of them, we may fight." But theirs." In Lanka's simple little mind, he didn't quite understand what Zhao Hai meant by what he said. He just thought that Zhao Hai meant that there were too many people and they couldn't deal with them.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka's look and couldn't help but laugh again, patted Lanka's head, and then said to Lanka: "Lanka, I haven't been to this town yet, can you bring me I'm going to this town to have a look." Zhao Hai really wanted to get to know this town better, so he said this.

Lanka said excitedly: "Okay, Master, let's go to the town to play." After saying that, Zhao Hai walked outside. He was still young and only thought about playing. He had never thought about Zhao Hai at all. There was an ulterior motive for doing this, so he seemed very happy and pulled Zhao Hai out.

The two of them left the courtyard, and the door of a nearby courtyard was opened. Several monks walked out of it. Some of them were also wearing gray warrior uniforms, and some were wearing black warrior uniforms. They didn't hold any weapons, and walked out one by one, talking and laughing.

But they soon noticed Zhao Hai and Lanka. When they saw Zhao Hai and Lanka, they were all stunned. Then their faces immediately changed. One of them looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Friends , who are you? What is your relationship with this little brat?" He spoke very rudely, and the eyes he looked at Zhao Hai were full of hostility.

Zhao Hai looked at those people, smiled slightly and said: "I am the master of Lanka, who are you?" Zhao Hai did not intend to conceal his identity. In his mind, they were also some casual cultivators, and that mobility It is also quite large. It is very normal for a casual cultivator to move to another place. Only those people who sit on the ground will not move places easily. Many casual cultivators move around to survive.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.