c7798 door-to-door

Zhao Hai had used a demonic mental method before. This mental method could devour the inner demons, but in fact it was also a visualization method. The normal visualization method was the visualization method used by monks. Think of a way, their visualization method is to focus on the thing you want to visualize, and completely ignore external objects. This is the visualization method used by monks.

The demonic mental method that Zhao Hai used before is a relatively special method of visualization. This method of visualization is more formal than the external. In fact, it is also a method of visualization, but when observing, Before thinking about it, he would first give himself a psychological hint, telling himself that his concept of Dharma is extremely powerful and can eat up all distracting thoughts. If he eats one distracting thought, his Dharma will become stronger. In fact, it is a method of hypnosis plus visualization, which is actually a very dangerous method.

Of course, when you meditate for a long time and reach a certain level, the level of danger will drop very low. This is why Zhao Hai did not teach this mental method to everyone in the Blood Killing Sect. Disciple’s reason, this method is actually very dangerous. Once you don’t give yourself enough hints in your mind, when you observe the phenomena and swallow up those distracting thoughts, you may in turn be swallowed up by those distracting thoughts. Then You'll get carried away faster.

To use a simpler analogy, that is the monk's visualization method, which is to build a city first, and then stay in the city and do your own thing. No matter what happens outside the city, don't pay attention to it, and wait for it to slowly change. As your city becomes stronger and stronger, there are more and more soldiers in the city, and your strength becomes stronger and stronger, then the things outside the city will not matter. But the method of the demons used by Zhao Hai is not like this. He does not build a city, but directly fights the enemy. If you defeat the enemy, you will absorb the enemy's power and make yourself stronger. The more power you absorb from the enemy, the stronger your strength will naturally be. However, if you are not the opponent of the enemy, then you will only be destroyed by the enemy. One is relatively active, and the other is relatively , very passive, this is the difference between these two visualization methods.

Therefore, although there are many ways for monks to enter concentration, in general, any way of entering concentration is actually inseparable from visualization. Now, Lanka and the little black demon have actually entered concentration through visualization. In this case, what they are visualizing is their own natal magic weapon. They are studying their own natal magic weapon. All their attention is focused on their own natal magic weapon. This is visualization. What Ranka said before, that he saw a light group, was actually a distracting thought of his. If he was really attracted by that light group, there might be some danger.

Zhao Hai Ranka and Little Black Demon were both in trance. Zhao Hai couldn't help but nodded with satisfaction. He was still very satisfied with the performance of Ranka and Little Black Demon. Both of them had very good talents, and with the addition of There is a chance, so their future training should be very smooth. Of course, it must be under his guidance. If it were an ordinary person, it would be absolutely impossible for him to do this.

At this moment, Zhao Hai's ears twitched, and then his face couldn't help but change. Then he waved his hand and used a shield to directly cover Lanka and the little black demon. Then Zhao Hai said gloomily Face stood up. Just as he stood up, he heard a knock on the door, and then a voice came into the yard. He heard the voice shouting: "Open the door, open the door quickly, don't do it." You think it will be fine if you don't open the door, I know you are inside, get out, don't think that a magic circle will protect you, if you don't start, I will break in."

The reason why Zhao Hai used a shield to protect Lanka and the little black demon before was because of this. If Ranka and the little black demon hear this sound, then the two of them will definitely be shocked. If they really If they are disturbed, not only will they not be able to enter concentration, but they will also be swallowed up by distracting thoughts and become possessed.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai's face is so ugly. He already knows who is coming outside the door. He originally wanted to deal with those guys in a few days, but he did not expect that those guys He doesn't mind if those who don't know whether to live or die are here now, so he will take care of those guys now.

While thinking about it, Zhao Hai walked forward and soon arrived in front of the courtyard gate. He stretched out his hand and opened the courtyard door. Outside the courtyard door, there were many people standing, dozens in total. All of them took the He was carrying a sword and had a fierce look on his face, but the leader was a tall, thin guy with a gloomy face. This man looked to be in his forties. He was wearing a black samurai uniform and was very thin. A pair of triangular eyes and a big aquiline nose give him a very sinister look.

When Zhao Hai was sizing up that man, that man was also sizing up Zhao Hai. He heard about Zhao Hai from his subordinates, and also heard that Zhao Hai had become Lanka's master, and Lanka was his target. Of course, it was impossible for him to give up this goal, so he first cleared away the protective umbrellas on Lanka's body one by one. Just when he had cleared out everyone, Zhao Hai appeared. What did he do? Can bear it.

And the reason why he wants to deal with Lanka is because it is an item on Lanka's body, and of course it is not the flying sword. Although the flying sword is good, it is not his goal. His goal is another thing. , something that few people know or even pay attention to.

Zhao Hai's appearance is actually not very good. He looks ordinary and has no aura on his body. In addition, he is wearing a gray warrior uniform, which makes him feel like an ordinary casual cultivator. Although Zhao Hai looked unhappy now, but the man didn't take it to heart.

Zhao Hai looked at the man and said in a deep voice: "Who are you? Why are you knocking on the door?" Zhao Hai had actually seen the Blood Knife Gang who he had met next door when he and Lanka went out of the yard. The person who was talking to him was standing behind the thin man, but he still asked. He wanted to make some excuses and see why these guys had to stare at Lanka. Because that guy from the Blood Knife Gang in the morning When talking to him, Zhao Hai already understood that those guys were staring at Lanka, not for Lanka's flying sword, but for something else. Coupled with Old Liu Tou's reaction, Zhao Hai Knowing that Lanka's life experience is not simple, it is understandable that these people are staring at Lanka. Naturally, Zhao Hai wants to know their purpose even more, so Zhao Hai wants to talk to them here.

The man looked at Zhao Hai, suddenly smiled coldly and said: "You are Zhao Ying, right? You really have the courage to attack the person our Blood Knife Gang likes. I think you have lived enough, right?" He also He was not polite, he was threatening, and he looked like he didn't take Zhao Hai seriously at all. However, his words did have a certain effect, because Zhao Hai did not tell them the pseudonym Zhao Ying, and they were so quick. Knowing Zhao Hai's pseudonym, it can be seen that their information is still very well-informed.

Zhao Hai told Old Liu Tou about the pseudonym Zhao Ying before. There was no special reason why he used this name. He just thought of the Shadow Clan at the time, so he used this name, and he felt that Zhao Hai, It's better not to use his name, because someone in the Shadow Clan should already know his name. If he uses this name, if he really meets someone related to the Shadow Clan, it may attract the attention of those people.

Zhao Hai looked at the man and said in a deep voice: "You still didn't answer my question. I don't even know who you are. Why should I be afraid of you? Tell me your purpose." Of course, Zhao Hai cannot be afraid. His, he just wanted to know more things from their mouths, so he asked these questions.

The man looked at Zhao Hai, and then said in a cold voice: "I am a member of the Blood Knife Gang. The Blood Knife Divine Eagle has a lot of vengeance. Boy, remember this. Don't forget to tell me my name when you go to hell." He said his nickname very charmingly, and at the same time looked at Zhao Hai with a proud face, as if Zhao Hai would be frightened when he heard his name.

Zhao Hai looked at the man with a strange face and said: "Blood Sword Condor? I can almost understand the Blood Sword. You use a knife? What's the reason for the Condor? Is it because of your nose?" Zhao Hai rarely looked at that person. The person joked that in his opinion, it makes no sense for this guy to have such a popular name. Is it really just because of his nose?

When Qiu Wanqian heard what Zhao Hai said, his expression couldn't help but change. He stared at Zhao Hai with his eyes fixed on him, his murderous intent must be revealed, and then he said in a cold voice: "Zhao Ying, you are looking for death. I could have killed you." It's a pleasure for you, but I have decided now that I will torture you for seventy-seven forty-nine days, using ninety-nine and eighty-one different methods to torture you, so that you can neither live nor die."

Zhao Hai looked at Qiu Wanqian and suddenly smiled and said: "Okay, I'm not scared, don't use this method to scare me, seven, seven, forty-nine, ninety-nine, eighty-one, you How about doing arithmetic questions? I'm just very curious. Why do you guys keep looking for trouble with Lanka? Don't tell me why you are flying swords. That is simply impossible. I have tried it before. You guys, We’re not here for the flying sword at all, and look at you guys, you all have knives and swords. Those swords are all magic weapons. You won’t take a fancy to the broken sword in Lanka’s hand. , tell me, what are you doing?"

Qiu Wanqian looked at Zhao Hai and sneered: "Okay, stop pretending. Don't tell lies in front of Mingren. Of course we are not here for the broken sword. We are not just going to get a piece of magic weapon." You are a very happy poor man, and I don’t have to pretend in front of us, I don’t believe you didn’t come here for that thing.”

Zhao Hai looked at Qiu Wanqian and said softly: "Oh? When you say that, I don't understand even more. I just saw Lanka outside the town and found that his talent was good, so I took him in. As a disciple, I really don’t understand what you mean. Can you explain it a little more clearly? What do you want? If it’s just ordinary things, I can just make the decision and give them to you. That’s fine. Save you the trouble of always looking for Lanka.”