c7800 fighting

Qiu Wanqian stared at Zhao Hai blankly, as if he was looking at an idiot. After a while, he finally said, "What did you just say? I didn't hear clearly. Can you speak more clearly?" Qiu Wanqian said. Qian Zhen really thought that he heard wrongly, that's why he behaved like this, because he really didn't believe what he heard.

Zhao Hai looked at him and said with a smile: "I mean, for the sake of you telling me so many things, I can let you go and not kill you. How about it? Is Gao happy? Are you happy? ?" Zhao Hai said while smiling at Qiu Wanqian, as if he had really done something extraordinary.

Qiu Wanqian looked at Zhao Hai, his face suddenly sank, and then he said in a deep voice: "It's been a long time since anyone talked to me like this. You are very good, Zhao Ying, right? Originally, you have There is a chance to survive, but after you know that thing, you have to die, and now I have another reason to kill, so you can die now."

After saying that, Qiu Wanqian stepped back, and there was a knife in his hand. His knife was blood red. It looked a bit like the standard magic weapon used by the Blood Killing Sect before, but His knife was a machete, and it was very thin. It turned out to be a soft knife, which was a bit interesting.

Qiu Wanqian stepped back not only to take out his weapon, but also to let the Blood Knife Gang people surround Zhao Hai. The disciples of the Blood Knife Gang had already surrounded Zhao Hai with weapons at this time. Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile slightly when he looked at the appearance of those people. Then he turned his head and looked at the yard and found that neither Lanka nor the little black demon was there. After being beaten by a demon, he was still in samadhi, so he was relieved.

Then he turned to look at the people of the Blood Knife Gang and said in a deep voice: "Actually, I didn't want to care about your affairs. I have already guessed that Lanka's father may have controlled Linyuan Town before. From those in the town, It can be seen from the person's reaction that his father did a pretty good job, but now that you have occupied the yard of his father's friends, I guess you have killed all his father's friends, right? By the way, I really want to know, did you kill his father’s friends or drive them away? Can you tell me?”

Qiu Wanqian looked at Zhao Hai and snorted coldly: "Go to hell and ask, come on, kill him." Following his order, the people of the Blood Knife Gang all shouted together, each They held up their magical weapons and went straight to kill Zhao Hai. They did not release their magical weapons and attacked Zhao Hai with flying swords. This was not because their magical weapons did not have that ability, but because they were too close to Zhao Hai. From a distance, attacking with flying swords was not as effective as directly attacking Zhao Hai with weapons, so they attacked Zhao Hai directly.

Zhao Hai looked at the appearance of those people and couldn't help but shook his head and sighed softly. Then Zhao Hai clasped his hands together. After doing this action, his body suddenly turned into an iron black color, and his whole body seemed to be there. In an instant, it turned into an iron statue, and then he opened his eyes and looked at the people from the Blood Knife Gang who were rushing towards him.

Those members of the Blood Knife Gang were all stunned when they saw the changes in Zhao Hai, but they had no way to retreat now. One of the monks who rushed in front of Zhao Hai shouted, holding a long sword, A sword was thrust towards Zhao Hai. The angle of the sword was very tricky, right at Zhao Hai's throat.

Zhao Hai shouted loudly, swung his left hand, and punched the man's long sword. He immediately swung the man's long sword away, and swung his right fist out like lightning, hitting the man's long sword with a punch. After hitting the man's chest, he heard a creaking sound. All the bones in the man's chest were broken by Zhao Hai's punch, but his body did not fly back, but stopped in place, and then took a bite Blood spurted out, and there were even fragments of internal organs in the blood. His eyes almost popped out, and it looked like he would not survive.

Zhao Hai ignored him. Instead, he dodged and a monk holding a knife rushed over. He was very fast. He just dodged and was in front of the monk. Then he He didn't use any moves, he just hit the monk directly. He hit the monk's chest and heard a bang. The monk was knocked out and hit him immediately. The few people behind him were also knocked into the air by the monk and turned into gourds rolling on the ground.

Zhao Hai did not have those people who fell on the ground, and then rushed towards another person. That person also held a knife in his hand. He also saw Zhao Hai's two moves, and the first one was punched by Zhao Hai. Dead, now the monk has spread out on the ground, still spitting blood from his mouth, and it seems that he will not survive. Although the second one was knocked out by Zhao Hai, his chest was completely collapsed. After entering, it seemed that he would not survive. From these two moves, we could see how powerful Zhao Hai was, so he naturally did not dare to neglect him. When he saw Zhao Hai rushing towards him, he couldn't help but With a loud shout, he swung the long knife in his hand and slashed straight at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai's body shape did not change. He raised his arm and raised it towards the man's long knife. He heard a "dang" sound. The man's long knife struck Zhao Hai's arm, but there was a metallic sound. With the sound of fighting, the man also felt that his arm was numb from the shock, and at this time Zhao Hai's right fist also hit him.

Zhao Hai's moves are actually very simple. He holds the man's knife with one hand and strikes the man directly with the other hand. He seems to have used these two moves countless times, one punch at a time. , very fast. Although the monk was on guard, he still couldn't dodge Zhao Hai's punch, but he still dodged with his whole body, and Zhao Hai's punch failed to hit his chest. Instead, it hit him on the shoulder. He heard a crunch, and then the man heard a scream and stepped back quickly. Apparently his shoulder blade had been broken by Zhao Hai's punch, because he One of his shoulders was hanging softly in front of his body.

As soon as Zhao Hai moved, he wanted to chase after the man, but at this moment, two long swords, one on the left and one on the right, stabbed straight at him. Zhao Hai divided his fists and directly used the two long swords. He got away, but at this moment, a sword light stabbed straight at him, the target was his throat. This sword light came very fast, and Zhao Hai's arms happened to hit the two swords. When the middle door is opened, the sword light has already arrived. The timing of this sword is really superb.

Zhao Hai didn't seem to see it. He let the long sword pierce his throat. He heard a clang and the long sword bent up, but it didn't pierce Zhao Hai's throat at all. After swallowing, at this time, Zhao Hai lowered his head suddenly, and heard a creak, and the long sword was directly broken by Zhao Hai's chin.

In the astonished gaze of the monk, Zhao Hai flew up and kicked the monk in the chest, kicking the monk directly and flying out. When the monk flew out, he also sprayed out of his mouth. He drank a mouthful of blood, and it looked like he might not survive.

Then Zhao Hai moved and hit him to the right, just like an old bear hitting a tree. With a bang, the person on his right was knocked away. Then he grabbed it with both hands and slashed towards He grabbed the two knives in his hand at once, and then he used his hands hard to break the two knives. The tips of the knives were still in his hands. Then he raised his hands, and the two knives were broken. The tip of the knife flew out directly and passed through the chests of the two enemies in front of him, leaving two bloody holes in their chests.

Then Zhao Hai's figure seemed to be gliding horizontally, sliding straight forward. Using the two monks with bloody holes in their chests to block the view of the people behind him, he dodged and passed between them. He went over and killed the monks behind them. Those monks really didn't expect that Zhao Hai came out so quickly. They were all shocked, but they immediately drew their weapons to kill Zhao Hai. past.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help but wave his left hand upwards to protect the top of his head, while his right hand struck forward fiercely, and there was a crisp sound as several weapons were slashed. It hit his left arm, but his left arm did nothing at all, but his right arm hit directly on a long knife, directly beating the long knife into pieces. After two cuts, he turned around, his whole body spinning in a circle like a top, and his left arm was thrown out like an iron whip.

Hearing the sound of breaking the wind, Zhao Hai's arm directly hit the head of a monk on his right. The monk's head seemed to have been hit with a giant hammer. He beat his head into a rotten watermelon, but Zhao Hai's arm did not stop and continued to beat forward. After smashing the second man's head, he turned around completely.

Then Zhao Hai did not stop. He was like a charging bull, rushing forward and directly bumping into the two monks in front. The two monks were directly hit by him. He flew out and hit a wall in the alley. Hearing a bang, the two of them were stuck to the wall like two paintings, and then slowly fell down from the wall. , but Zhao Hai's collision broke several bones in their bodies, and they were afraid that they would have no fighting power.

At this moment, Zhao Hai felt a chill coming straight towards his neck. Zhao Hai turned around and put his right arm forward and behind him. He heard a sound and a red light was struck by Zhao Hai. Hai got away, and a trace of blood appeared on Zhao Hai's arm, but Zhao Hai didn't pay attention and looked at Qiu Wanqian.

The one who just attacked him was Qiu Wanqian, and Qiu Wanqian used his soft knife, but he didn't attack him with the soft knife in his hand, but directly released the soft knife, Ru Fei He attacked Zhao Hai like a sword. Although Zhao Hai was holding him back, the soft knife, under the control of Qiu Wanqian, turned in a circle and slashed towards Zhao Hai again.