c7801 Kill the enemy

Zhao Hai raised his right hand again, holding the soft knife once, but his eyes were fixed on Qiu Wanqian, and then he smiled coldly and said: "What? You only have this ability. Will you only use sneak attacks?" When Zhao Hai said this, his eyes loomed, but the murderous aura on his body was not very heavy. This was of course because he hid his murderous aura. At the same time, he also He has completely hidden his own strength. If he showed his true strength now, I am afraid that the people here would be dead if they met him, but in that case, he would be exposed, so He will not do that. He now makes himself look like a casual cultivator, but he is actually a casual cultivator with very strong physical training skills.

Qiu Wanqian looked at Zhao Hai, his eyes as if they were spitting out fire. The time they fought with Zhao Hai was actually very short. It seemed like a long time, but in fact it was very short. The total time was only about thirty breaths. In such a short period of thirty breaths, more than a dozen people died in Zhao Hai's hands, and one was seriously injured. It seemed that there was no way to continue fighting. Now with him Among the people who came together, there were only a few who could still fight. Even those who could still fight were all looking at Zhao Hai with frightened faces. They were all frightened by Zhao Hai's ferocity. .

They are all casual cultivators. They fight, fight, kill, and set fires. They have seen many such things and often do them. However, it is really rare to see someone as cruel as Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai kills people every time he makes a move. , whether it was hit by him or beaten by him, it was both dead and disabled. Such strong fighting power is really surprising.

And judging from the way Zhao Hai strikes, we know that he is a man who has experienced hundreds of battles, and he also knows how to maximize his advantages. His moves are very simple, and they can kill people. , such a person is definitely not easy to mess with.

The most terrifying thing is his strange power, coupled with his surprisingly powerful defense. Many of those who attacked Zhao Hai were all good players in the casual cultivators, but they were in Zhao Hai's hands. , but can’t go a round? Is it because they are not strong enough? Not necessarily, if they were in a relatively open place, even if they were not Zhao Hai's opponents, they would be able to escape and deal with Zhao Hai.

But here is a small alley. The place is very small. It is impossible for them to use the place to deal with Zhao Hai, so Zhao Hai seized the opportunity and punched them all. It can be said that Zhao Hai made good use of the terrain. With their advantages, they fully exerted their strength. Facing such an enemy, they really had a headache. Especially in such an environment, it was even more difficult for them to deal with Zhao Hai. .

Qiu Wanqian looked at Zhao Hai with a look of resentment and said harshly: "Okay, Zhao Ying, I really didn't expect that you would be so strong and kill so many of us at once. Man, your good days have come to an end. Everyone, fly up and call for support. We will use magic weapons to grind him to death." After saying this, he moved and wanted to fly.

But just as he was flying up, Zhao Hai shot straight out like a cannonball, flying right in front of Qiu Wanqian. He stretched out his hand and grabbed his foot. Then he exerted a fierce force and smashed Qiu Wanqian directly to the ground.

Hearing a bang, Qiu Wanqian was thrown to the ground by him, as if he was throwing a broken sack. Qiu Wanqian screamed, but he only found half of it, and was thrown to the ground directly. , he held it back for a moment, and he was so dizzy that he was immediately knocked unconscious.

Zhao Hai was not prepared to let him go like this. He picked up Qiu Wanqian and threw him to the ground. He heard a loud bang, boom, boom, boom, and Qiu Wanqian was thrown to the ground. He kept falling to the ground. Such a ferocious fighting method was something that the other members of the Blood Knife Gang could not imagine. They all looked at Zhao Hai blankly, as if he had thrown a dog to death. He kept falling there. Throwing Qiu Wanqian to the ground, Qiu Wanqian tried to move twice at first, but in the end he couldn't move at all. Not only could he not move, his head was smashed to pieces by the fall, and blood flowed out. The ground, not just the ground, but also the walls in the alley, and the bodies of the Blood Knife Gang members were all covered in blood, looking hideous and terrifying.

Zhao Hai glanced at Qiu Wanqian and found that he was dead. Then he waved his hand and threw Qiu Wanqian's body aside. Then he turned his attention to several other members of the Blood Knife Gang. A member of the Blood Knife Gang, when they saw Zhao Hai turning his attention to them, they couldn't help but tremble, and then they shouted and flew directly to the outside of the town. Looking at their appearance, they were afraid that they would never be the same again in this life. I don’t dare to go back to the small town anymore.

Zhao Hai did not chase those people, but turned his head and glanced at the Blood Knife Gang people in the alley. In addition to the dead Blood Knife Gang people, there were a few who were not dead but were injured. They were all Those who cannot move, those who can move, just like the monk whose shoulder was broken by Zhao Hai before, Zong Ying has long since disappeared, and the remaining few people all have several broken bones and cannot move. , they were still lying there moaning, but now they have forgotten even the moans, and they all looked at Zhao Hai blankly, with a look of horror on their faces.

Zhao Hai walked towards those people step by step. When those people saw Zhao Hai walking towards them, they were all shocked. One of them immediately said: "Don't kill me, don't kill me, I Surrender, from now on I am willing to be a slave and obey your orders all my life. Please, don’t kill me, I don’t want to die.” At the end of the sentence, I started crying.

But none of the other people laughed at him. They all followed suit and started crying. Zhao Hai looked at them and snorted coldly. Then he kicked and dropped it. The long sword on the ground flew out and nailed the casual cultivator who cried the loudest, killing him on the spot. Then he said: "Shut up, everyone. Just answer whatever I ask, no nonsense.”

The alley immediately became quiet, so everyone looked at Zhao Hai in horror. Zhao Hai walked up to one of the casual cultivators, looked at the casual cultivator and said, "Tell me, where are those friends of Lanka's father? Are they? Are they all dead?" This is also a question that Zhao Hai has always been very concerned about.

When the monk heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately said: "No, no, they are not dead, and they are also very strong. When we attacked them, they kept resisting, and finally found that they were no match for us. They retreated, not knowing where they went. However, several of them were seriously injured. It will probably take some time to recover. I really don’t know where they went. ”

Zhao Hai looked at him and said: "Who are you? Why are you organized? Why do you know that Lanka has the sect token?" Zhao Hai is actually very concerned about this issue. These people are also organized. , and judging from their appearance, it seems that they were not from Linyuan Town before. Otherwise, if they really were from Linyuan Town, they would be quite capable if they could organize themselves under the eyes of Lanka’s father’s friends. .

The monk immediately said: "We are originally from Linyuan Town, and we don't know where Qiu Wanqian heard that Lanka had the sect token in his hand, but he is very strong, and he also got A powerful magic weapon, he also said that if he could join the sect, he would definitely help us and find a way to join the sect, so we followed him."

Zhao Hai was stunned. He really didn't expect that these people were actually from Linyuan Town, but he immediately frowned and said: "You lied. If you are from Linyuan Town, you are so How did multiple people organize themselves to hide it from the people of the Gujian Gang? Didn't they react at all to your alliance? If they didn't have even the slightest bit of vigilance, they would have been killed long ago. Destroyed, right? There will still be another chance for you."

"We didn't lie, we really didn't lie. We are from Linyuan Town. We are all casual cultivators here in Linyuan Town. Originally, it was impossible for us to defeat the Ancient Sword Gang, but there was a time before. Lanka disappeared. Those people from the Gujian Gang were frantically looking for Lanka. They had no intention of caring about Linyuan Town. Qiu Wanqian took a fancy to this opportunity and secretly joined forces with us. We launched an attack on the Gujian Gang. Our attack was very sudden, but the strength of the people of the Gujian Gang was still beyond our imagination. They were already very tired at the time, but they only paid the price of two serious injuries. I quit Linyuan Town directly. I'm not lying. Really, you can go and find out. Everyone in the town knows us and they all know what's going on." The monk was really frightened by Zhao Hai. He He was afraid that Zhao Hai would kill him when he got angry, so he quickly told the whole story.

Zhao Hai looked at the monk and said in a deep voice: "I want to ask you a question, are you really here for the sect token on Lanka? Is that Qiu Wanqian also a casual cultivator? Where did he hear it? , the news that there is a sect token on Lanka?" Zhao Hai has always been a little suspicious of Qiu Wanqian's identity, so he asked like this.

The monk hurriedly said: "We don't know where Qiu Wanqian knew that Lanka had the sect token on him. He only said that there must be a sect token on Lanka. He was very sure, and he also said , someone gave him this news, this news must be true, as long as we get the sect token, we may join the sect, even if we are just a handyman disciple, that is also good, so we will follow He did it together, please, don’t kill us, we were also temporarily confused, please let us go."

Zhao Hai looked at the monk and said in a deep voice: "I want to let you go, but unfortunately, I'm not in a good mood today, so I don't want to let you go." After saying that, he stretched out his hand and He grabbed the man's neck and strangled the man's neck. Then he walked towards the other man and strangled the monk's neck amidst the cry of the monk.