c7809 practise

"Of course it's true. These yards will belong to your Uncle Beard and the others from now on. They can live in them when they come back." Zhao Hai didn't say that he killed all those people. Lanka is still too young now. Well, it would not be a good thing if he developed a murderous habit at this time.

Lanka cheered, then ran straight to one of the courtyards, pushed open the door of the courtyard, and ran into the courtyard. Zhao Hai looked at Lanka's appearance and followed Lanka into the courtyard. The layout of the courtyard was similar to that of Lanka's house, but because there were people living here, it seemed cleaner than Lanka's house, but it was also cleaner. It's a bit messy. Although there isn't much dust, there are a lot of debris in the yard.

Lanka didn't care, but ran around in the yard for a while, and found that there was no one in the yard. Then he cheered and ran back to Zhao Hai, and said loudly to Zhao Hai: "Master, that's great. As expected, there is no one in this yard, all those bad guys are gone, great, Master, you are the best."

Zhao Hai looked at Lan Ka and smiled slightly, and then said with a smile: "Okay, this yard will be all yours from now on. You can come whenever you want. Come on, let's go outside and take a look." Lan Ka Ka responded, walked to Zhao Hai, and followed Zhao Hai out.

When he arrived outside the yard, Lanka turned his head and glanced at the yard again. Looking at the empty yard and the debris in the yard, his little face suddenly became less attractive, and then he spoke to Zhao Haida. : "Master, where did Uncle Beard and the others go? Will they come back? Do they no longer want Lanka?"

Upon hearing what Lanka said, Zhao Hai was slightly stunned at first, and then he immediately said: "No, Lanka, don't think about it, your Uncle Beard and the others will not let you go, they must have gone out for something." , maybe you went to find Lanka, they will definitely come back soon, little Lanka is so cute, how could anyone not want little Lanka."

When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, he nodded and said: "Yes, Uncle Beard and the others will definitely learn it. Lanka is waiting for them here, waiting for them to come back." On his little face, At this moment, he seemed very determined. Zhao Hai looked at him with a gentle smile on his face, but there was a hint of heartache in his eyes.

Lanka is too sensible, but children who are too sensible often make people feel heartbroken because they are sensible because they have experienced too many things and because there is no one standing in front of them. They shelter from wind and rain because no one allows them to live in a carefree environment, so they are so sensible, and this kind of sensibleness is also the most heartbreaking.

Ranka didn't say anything, he just touched the top of Ranka's head gently, and then followed Ranka and walked out of the alley. In a blink of an eye, the two of them arrived at the main street outside. Looking at the people on the main street, Lanka's little face immediately regained its luster. He kept saying hello to some acquaintances he had seen, and seemed very happy.

When those people looked at Lanka, the expressions on their faces were a little unnatural, especially when they saw Zhao Hai standing behind Lanka with a smile on his face, their expressions became even more unnatural. To be honest, they really They are a little afraid of Zhao Hai, because Zhao Hai has wiped out the Blood Knife Gang by himself before. Such strength is absolutely unmatched by anyone here in Linyuan Town, so when those people see Zhao Hai When I hit the sea, my mood naturally couldn’t get better.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka and then at those people. The smile on his face never changed. He smiled and nodded at everyone. He looked very gentle, although the expressions on those people's faces were very... It was unnatural, but the expression on his face did not change at all.

Zhao Hai led Lanka to walk out of the town. Although it was already afternoon, it was not dark yet, and there was at least more than an hour until dark. They left the town and went out for some activities. , there is still no problem, and he went out of town this time not just for fun, but to train the little black demon.

Soon Zhao Hai led Lanka and the little black demon to the outside of the town. Although the town was not far from the endless abyss, there were many trees growing outside the town. In fact, except for the hundreds of trees on the edge of the endless abyss, There are many trees growing in other places except the meters. No one wants to come here, so naturally no one will destroy the woods, so the trees here grow very well.

Zhao Hai led Lanka and the little black demon to the woods. As he walked into the woods, Zhao Hai pointed at the plants in the woods and explained to Lanka the characteristics of various plants. Zhao Hai casually said Come, what plants can be used to heal wounds, which plants can be eaten, which plants can be used to make weapons, Zhao Hai told them one by one.

Zhao Hai may not have known much about the plants in Wanshan Realm before, but after arriving in Wanshan Realm, as long as he entered the woods, he would quickly understand the plants here. Don't forget, he still A powerful planter, and a planter communicates with plants, so he understands these plants so well.

Lanka listened with great interest. He heard that some plants were edible, and he would reward them. Some plants were very delicious, and Lanka was very happy. When he reached the depths of the woods, Zhao Hai found a place to stop, and then he said to Lanka: "Lanka, you stay here for a while, don't move around, I want to do some goals, let Xiao Hei Used for demon training.”

Although Lanka didn't know what Zhao Hai wanted to do, he still responded, and then stood there, waiting for Zhao Hai to arrive, but Zhao Hai went into the woods and made some marks on some trees, and then He returned to Lanka. He didn't dare to leave too far or for too long, because he knew that Lanka was actually very insecure. If he left for too long, Lanka might be worried. , so he came back soon.

When he returned to Lanka, he felt that Lanka seemed to be relieved. Then he looked at Lanka and said with a smile: "Little black demon, I am in the woods, on the thirty-two trees, A mark has been engraved on it. Take a look. This is what the mark looks like. Now you can enter the woods. You are not allowed to use other spells. You can only use wind blade to attack these handles. After attacking all the targets, immediately Just come back and go." As he said that, Zhao Hai drew a mark on the ground. This mark was actually very simple, just a simple circle.

The little black demon looked at the circle on the ground, and then glanced at Zhao Hai, as if he didn't understand. Zhao Hai looked at the little black demon, and sighed lightly, then pointed at the circle and said: "Use the wind The blade attacks the circle on the tree. If there is no circle on the tree, don't attack, just go ahead." As he spoke, he also released a wind blade.

When the little black demon saw Zhao Hai's actions, he seemed to understand something. He squeaked twice, then moved his body and rushed into the woods. After a while, there was a "swish" sound in the woods. There was a swishing sound, and after a while, the little black demon jumped out of the woods and jumped onto Lanka's shoulder.

Zhao Hai looked at the little black demon and smiled slightly. Then he waved his hand and a ball of green light flew out and landed in the woods. Of course, the little black demon and Lanka didn't know what Zhao Hai was doing. Only Zhao Hai Hai knew that he was healing the trees. Their practice would hurt those trees, so of course Zhao Hai would heal the trees.

After doing it, Zhao Hai entered the woods again, marked the trees again, and then returned to Lanka from the woods. This time he said to the little black demon: "Little black demon, this time." I'm going to attack this mark again, but use an ice pick." After that, he used the ice pick to attack the triangular pattern on the ground, and then pointed towards the woods.

As soon as the little black demon saw Zhao Hai's movements, he already understood what they meant. As soon as he moved, he immediately rushed towards the woods. In the blink of an eye, he had entered the woods and came out of the woods again after a while. , Zhao Hai released a green light once, then marked it again, and asked the little black demon to attack.

This is the training method that Zhao Hai formulated for the little black demon. The little black demon is different from Lanka. Lanka is a person, while the little black demon is a monster. He is not as smart as Lanka and can learn so many things. When a monster attacks an enemy, it usually relies on instinct, but what Zhao Hai is asking the little black demon to practice now is some ordinary spells. These spells consume little energy and are very powerful when used properly. He wants to Let the little black demon become an instinct of his body when using these spells. Only in this way will his fighting power be provided.

In this way, after practicing for about two hours, the sky had already darkened, and Zhao Hai stopped. The little black demon was already exhausted at this time, so Zhao Hai let go of the little black demon and led the Ranka and the little black demon walked out of the woods, preparing to return to the town.

Just before they walked out of the woods, Zhao Hai suddenly stopped. Then he looked ahead with cold eyes. Lanka was talking to Zhao Hai happily. He looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion. Knowing why Zhao Hai stopped suddenly, Zhao Hai glanced ahead, then smiled slightly, and then said in a deep voice: "Dear friends, come out. If you dare to stop us here today, then don't hide your head and tail. , come out and see me!"

When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned at first. Then he immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant, and his eyes immediately showed murderous intent. Don't forget, Lanka was capable of killing people before, so now he Zhao Hai's reaction was also very normal. Zhao Hai also noticed Lanka's actions. He couldn't help but smile bitterly. It can be said that the experiences in the past few months may be really important to Lanka. I understand that life is not easy, so Ranka reacts like this now. To be honest, Zhao Hai really doesn’t want Ranka to have such a reaction. He is him but there is nothing he can do. It seems that these things can only be done slowly in the future. I told him, he is too young now, not the time to talk about these things.