c7807 teach

The set of movements that Zhao Hai taught Lanka was not just any movement, but a set of movements developed by the Blood Killer Sect after years of research, specifically designed to stretch people's muscles and bones, called body bending techniques. .Although the name of this body bending technique sounds very ordinary, it is a technique that almost all disciples of the Blood Killing Sect must learn. This set of techniques is actually a set of physical training techniques, but regardless of Whether you are a physical practitioner or an ordinary monk, you must learn this set of exercises.

There are many movements in this set of exercises. There are thirty-six movements in total. The first movement has a matching breathing method and even a stipulation of practice time. The first thing Zhao Hai taught Lanka was This set of actions. Lanka is still a child now, and his body flexibility is still very good, so he must start practicing this set of movements now, so that the effect will be better.

Of course, this set of movements only needs to be practiced once a day, and the time should not be too long. The time to practice once is only half an hour. In the future, as he gets older, the time to practice this set of movements will also increase. It will be strengthened. It will take two hours to practice this final set of movements.

Soon Zhao Hai taught all the contortion techniques to Lanka, and he also practiced it. At this time, Lanka's face was red, his head was sweating, and he looked very... cute. Zhao Hai looked at him and liked the way he looked. He then smiled and said: "Okay, let's take a rest and sit down." As he said that, Zhao Hai picked up two futons and put them on the ground. Ask Lanka to sit down.

Ranka sat down. Zhao Hai looked at Ranka and said with a smile: "Lanka, what I just taught you is contortion. You have to remember those thirty-six movements. You must do them every day." Practice, but don’t practice too long. For now, it’s best if you practice Jiujiu once within half an hour. This is for you. It’s a timing tool. Look at this. Is it a turntable? This shorter pointer, every time it advances one space, it is half an hour." Zhao Hai said as he picked up a pocket watch and gave it to Lanka.

Ranka took the pocket watch and looked at the contents on the pocket watch curiously. Zhao Hai taught Ranka how to use the pocket watch. Soon Ranka learned it. He liked it very much, and finally he happily put away the pocket watch. Come to think of it, this suspicion was also caused by Zhao Hai when he was bored. He is not just a simple pocket watch, he is actually a magic circle, but now Zhao Hai feels that there is no need to let Lanka know this.

Seeing Ranka put away the pocket watch, Zhao Hai then continued: "While we haven't started practicing yet, Ranka, let me tell you, you have to learn a set of exercises next. The set of exercises is called Spiritual Snake Silk Winding Fist, and the power it uses is Spiritual Snake Silk Winding Strength. This set of exercises will make your body more flexible and fully utilize your body's flexibility and speed. When it comes out, it will also make your silk thread more powerful, because this set of exercises was originally supposed to be a set of soft whip whipping techniques, and was improved from there."

Ranka listened with his eyes wide open. He really wanted to know what this boxing technique was like. Ranka had lived here in Linyuan Town since he was a child. His father was still a casual cultivator. Although he had just He is eight years old, but he also knows some things about practice. He is very clear about how important a good set of exercises is for a monk. He has heard from his uncle with a beard more than once They had talked about how great their achievements would be if they had a good set of exercises, so he actually had a very eager attitude towards the exercises.

Now when he heard Zhao Hai talking about a set of exercises, he was naturally very happy, so he listened very seriously. Zhao Hai looked at Ranka and was also very happy that Ranka could listen so seriously. , he was naturally very happy, so he went on to say: "This set of skills has strange changes, the whip can be invisible, and it can appear and disappear, making it difficult for people to detect, and the silk threads in his body are stronger than the whips in other people's hands. There are too many, so this set of exercises should be the most suitable for you.”

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, then he looked at Lanka and said: "Lanka, do you know what physical cultivation is?" The reason why Zhao Hai asked Lanka like this is because these things are basically some of the most powerful. Basic things, even a child like Lanka, should actually know. If Lanka knows these, it means that Lanka’s foundation is still very good, and Zhao Hai can rest assured. If Lanka If he doesn't even know this, then he will have to teach Lanka more things, which will take even longer time.

As soon as Lanka heard Zhao Hai's question, he immediately said: "Master, I know this. Monks are generally divided into righteous monks and demonic monks. The righteous monks are mainly Xuanmen, Buddhism, and Confucianism, regardless of which. In one sect, there are all physical cultivators. Physical cultivators are different from normal monks. They are a bit like sword cultivators. Normal monks will practice skills and use magic weapons. When they are strong, they can still Use the Dharma to attack the enemy."

Having said this, Lanka paused for a moment, and then he continued: "Sword cultivators are monks who mainly practice magic swords. They will focus all their attention on their swords throughout their lives. In the future, they will Their Dharma appearances are also based on swords, and their physical cultivation is similar. They will focus all their training power on their bodies. Their future Dharma appearances will generally focus on themselves. In the world of cultivation, , Sword cultivator and physical cultivator are also the two most difficult cultivators to deal with. Master, am I right?" After saying that, Lanka looked at Zhao Hai with a pair of eyes full of expectation.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka's appearance and couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Yes, you said it very well. Lanka is really smart, even knowing these things." Zhao Hai knew very well that children sometimes Those who need encouragement can sometimes become the motivation for a person to move forward.

As expected, a big smile appeared on Lanka's little face, but then he said a little embarrassedly: "My father taught me all these." Although he said this, the smile on his face was Not diminished at all, but still a little proud, which is indescribably cute.

Looking at Lanka's appearance, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Lanka, you know that there is a big difference between body cultivation and body cultivation. Do you know this?" Zhao Hai just wanted to pass. In this way, we can guide Lanka and let Lanka interact more with him, so that Lanka will be more interested in learning, which will be of greater benefit to him in the future.

Lanka thought for a while, then said: "I know, I heard that physical training is divided into several types due to different training methods. Some physical training focuses on defense, and some focus on attack power. Yes, is this what Master you said is the difference between body cultivation and body cultivation?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said with a smile: "Yes, this is what I said, the difference between body cultivation and body cultivation, but in my opinion, the physical cultivation is divided into two categories, one is You talk about all kinds of physical training. Although they are also divided into defensive and offensive types, in general, they are actually a kind of power-based physical training. They are all good at strength and defense, and what they call The only difference between the defensive type and the offensive type is that one is more powerful and the other is better defensive. In my opinion, they are both strength-based physical training, and in the general system of physical training, there are still There is another type of physical training, that is, flexibility-type physical training. Because flexibility is better, the speed is faster and more flexible. As for you, it is impossible to become a strength-type physical training, but But you can become a flexible body builder."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment and then said: "The reason why I said you can become a flexible body practitioner is because of the fruit you ate before and the thread in your body. The silk thread in your body not only gives you a weapon, but also makes your bones more flexible than ordinary human bones. This makes your body inherently more flexible than others. It can be said that , you are a genius in flexibility and physical fitness."

Having said this, Zhao Hai stood up and said to Lanka: "Lanka, let me demonstrate to you now. You can see the difference between strength and flexibility." After speaking, Zhao Hai drank lightly. With a sound, the skin on his body immediately turned iron black, and then he struck his hands together, and there was a clang of metal hitting each other.

Zhao Hai then said to Lanka: "This is the strength type body cultivation, you said, the one with better defense." Then he gave another soft drink, and his figure grew taller in an instant. He grew a lot and turned into a man who was two meters tall. The muscles on his body also bulged up in an instant. In the blink of an eye, he turned into a muscular man. Then Zhao Hai said: "This is what you call, the power type." Among the physical training, I prefer the offensive one." After finishing speaking, his figure slowly returned to its original appearance, but Ranka was stunned at this time.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka's appearance, and then said slightly: "I will show you the attack method of flexibility." After saying this, Zhao Hai suddenly leaned back, and in an instant, his head suddenly became bigger. His legs stretched out, and his whole body seemed to suddenly become a circle.

Then Zhao Hai moved and kept circling around the yard. His body kept doing some incredible movements. It was as if his whole body had turned into a rubber band at this moment and was no longer there. The bones were the same. Lanka had seen such a situation before, so he looked at Zhao Hai blankly, with a look of disbelief on his face.

Soon Zhao Hai returned to Lanka. He looked at Lanka and said: "Lanka, this is flexibility training, and you will also follow such a path in the future. Is there anything you don't understand now? "Zhao Hai looked at Ranka. The reason why he did this today was to let Ranka know his strength. At the same time, he also wanted to use this method to arouse Ranka's interest and make Ranka know more clearly that he will do it in the future. To develop in that direction, otherwise, Zhao Hai would not have to make such three obvious changes. If he were not at Lanka's house, he could even destroy some things to make Lanka understand more intuitively. Destructive power, only in this way will Lanka become more interested.