c7805 Tieba

Now Zhao Hai almost knows the composition of Wanshan Realm, and he also knows the most real situation here in Wanshan Realm. The situation here in Wanshan Realm makes Zhao Hai slightly relieved. For Zhao Hai, Wanshan Realm There is indeed a lot of room for development in the Mountain Realm, especially the casual cultivators in the Wanshan Realm. This group that is not taken seriously by anyone is actually very powerful, but no one can master it yet. It’s just this power.

Withdrawing his mental power, Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. This situation was actually a good thing for him. He could find opportunities in the future to integrate the power of these casual cultivators in Wanshan Realm. Get up, if he really integrates this power, then he really doesn't have anything to worry about.

But after Zhao Hai withdrew his gaze, he immediately started to do another thing, which was to see what Shi Jin and the others were doing. Don't forget that Zhao Hai came to Wanshan Realm this time. , but he didn't come alone, Shi Jin and many others came with him, and they can communicate through real illusions.

Zhao Hai's mental power immediately entered the real illusion. Here they established a place for communication. No matter what others called this place, Zhao Hai gave it a very interesting name. He called it Tieba. Although it puzzled many people, Zhao Hai liked to call him this, so no one objected.

Zhao Hai entered the post forum and saw that someone had already posted there. The first post was from Shi Jin, and he saw that he wrote on it: "We have arrived at Gushan Town and are reviewing the situation in the town. To learn more." Many people below also sent letters, all of which said that they had arrived at the designated town and were learning about the situation in the town.

Almost all of them went to different towns, and few of them were in the same town. This was actually quite normal, because Shi Jin and the others had already done a lot before entering the Wanshan Realm. Shi Jin is the person who stole the door. They actually know the Wanshan Realm very well, and they know the Endless Abyss very well, so Shi Jin actually has almost the same knowledge before entering the Wanshan Realm. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have been told all about the small towns here and asked them to choose a target, and Zhao Hai's target is Linyuan Town.

It is precisely because of this kind of advance preparation that almost no one of those people entered the same town, and everyone entered different towns. This is also because there are many different towns in the endless abyss. Otherwise, it is really impossible for so many people to enter different towns.

Zhao Hai took a careful look at the replies of those disciples and found that they had just entered those small towns not long ago and were learning about the situation in the small towns. This is normal. They had not been long at the edge of the endless abyss. Time, during this period of time, of course they can only learn about the situation in the town and cannot do anything else.

If you immediately wiped out the most powerful gang in the town as soon as you arrived, wouldn't you be waiting for others to become concerned? So what they can do now is to understand the situation in the town and then act according to the situation. The Blood Killing Sect is not in a hurry, so there is no need to take too many risks. Zhao Hai is actually very happy with the performance of the Blood Killing Sect disciples.

After Zhao Hai read everyone's replies, he directly entered Linyuan Town, and also learned about the situation in Linyuan Town, as well as some of the things between Wanshan Realm's casual cultivators and sects. It was written that all disciples must be careful and it is best to pay attention to the gangs in the town. If there is a chance, you can join those gangs.

After Zhao Hai sent all the things he wanted to send, the Blood Killing Sect disciples below were all stunned. They never thought that they had just entered the town and knew nothing about the town except its name. As far as I know, Zhao Hai already knows so much about that town, and he even wiped out a force in the town without causing any resentment among the people in the town. This is really surprising. They were extremely surprised.

What surprised them even more was that Zhao Hai could infer the real situation here in Wanshan Realm through such a thing as a blacksmith. This made them sigh even more. Only now did they realize the gap between themselves and Zhao Hai. , it’s really too obvious.

After Zhao Hai finished what he wanted to say, he took a look at the replies from other disciples and found that those disciples had all returned to receive such words. He once issued his own instructions: "Attention all disciples, when you first enter the town, you must maintain Keep a low profile and find a way to integrate into the town. If possible, it is best to join Xiao Zong's gang directly."

Those disciples all replied: "Yes!" Zhao Hai ended the call. He knew very well that those disciples had just joined that town. It was still impossible for them to find any useful information now. , it is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai also told them not to worry, to keep a low profile, and to join those gangs. This is the most important thing. He is afraid that those disciples will see that he has achieved results here and act randomly if they are anxious. The plan is completely ruined.

After seeing that all the disciples had recovered, Zhao Hai withdrew from the real illusion, and then he began to think about what he was going to do next. Should he directly establish a force, or should he maintain his current status? After thinking about it, he finally decided to keep it like this and not establish any force, because it is absolutely impossible for him to establish this force now. He has just arrived in Linyuan Town, although because of Lanka relationship, the people in the town have accepted Zhao Hai to a certain extent, but at the same time, to a certain extent, they have not actually accepted Zhao Hai, otherwise Old Liu Tou He won't say those words to Zhao Hai anymore, so Zhao Hai's current identity is very subtle.

On the one hand, because of his kindness to Lanka and his strength, the people in the town must accept Zhao Hai no matter what the reason is. On the other hand, because Zhao Hai appeared suddenly, the people in the town were completely unfamiliar to him. In this case, it was difficult for the people in the town to accept him, so his current identity, It's actually very subtle.

If he had been acting quite honestly and was just teaching Lanka how to practice, then the people in the town might slowly accept him, but if he really dared to establish a power in the town now, then The people in the town may not accept him so easily. Instead, they will think that he is a careerist and reject him.

Don't forget, although Qiu Wanqian is not a good person, and the people in the town don't seem to have a very good impression of him, but no matter what, he is a member of the town, and Zhao Hai can take Qiu Wanqian. They were destroyed without arousing resentment from the people in the town. That was because of Lanka's relationship. The people in the town couldn't stand Qiu Wanqian bullying Lanka, so Zhao Hai, as the master of Lanka, killed Qiu Wanqian. If they are eliminated, the people in the town will not be too disgusted with him.

But if he wants to establish a force, it will be different. In that case, the people in the town will think that Zhao Hai, an outsider, wants to ride on the heads of everyone in the town. Then the people in the town are He won't agree, so it's better for Zhao Hai not to mess around now and focus on teaching Lanka.

There is another reason why Zhao Hai has no way to mess around now. This important reason is the uncle with beard in Lanka's mouth. We already know from Old Liu that the Uncle Beard mentioned by Lanka is indeed the leader of a gang in the town, and they even control the entire town. Now they were just repelled, but not killed. , and it has been several months, and their injuries are almost healed. Maybe they will fight back to the town some time. If they fight back to the town, they will find Zhao Hai has established a power. At that time, will they fight or not? If we fight, with Lanka here, I'm afraid it will be really difficult to fight. If we don't fight, who has the final say in this town? So for now it's better to leave it as is.

Zhao Hai is waiting now to see if Lanka's bearded uncle and the others will show up. He believes that those people will definitely show up, because Zhao Hai feels that these people around Lanka have too many qualities in them. is a mystery, let’s take Ranka’s father as an example. If what Qiu Wanqian said is true and Ranka really has a sect token on his body, then where did the token Ranka’s father come from? Coming? If he really had a sect token, would he still become a casual cultivator? As Qiu Wanqian said, it is much better to be a handyman disciple of a sect than to be a casual cultivator. At least they will have a very stable training environment, which is not so casual. Nothing can be compared with cultivation.

But Lanka's father did not do this, but kept the token, which in itself was a very strange thing. And the bearded uncle in Lanka, is he really just a casual cultivator? If he is really just a casual cultivator, he really has such good intentions and will always take care of Lanka. Zhao Hai has always been a little unconvinced.

Therefore, Zhao Hai will never mess around until he has figured out these things, because it may get him into some trouble. Zhao Hai decided to observe for a while and see what is going on in this town. Son, what is going on with the people in this small town, and what is going on with the shops in this small town.

The reason why he had this idea was because Zhao Hai discovered that the shops in this small town seemed to be very special. There were two types of shops in this small town, one was like the shop opened by Old Liu Tou. There are many small shops. They are all opened by some old casual cultivators. They are old and can no longer take risks, so they opened a small shop to spend their old age. But don’t underestimate them. Just know that they can get some low-priced goods. They actually have some channels of their own, which should not be underestimated.

The other type is big shops. These big shops are very special. Their shops are very large. There is a sign in front of each shop. Zhao Hai has noticed that when people in the town pass by those big shops, , they all had a look of envy on their faces. From this, it can be seen that those big stores are not simple.