c7804 cruel

In Zhao Hai's view, in the world of cultivation, there are only weapon refiners, and there is no such person as a blacksmith, because the weapon refiner and the blacksmith are completely different things. When the weapon refiner is refining a weapon, he must Add some restrictions, that is, a magic circle, so that the weapon becomes a magic weapon. And a blacksmith obviously can't do this job, so a blacksmith and a weapon refiner are two completely different professions, and there is no need for a blacksmith in the world of cultivation.

But here in Wanshan Realm, there are blacksmiths, and all of these blacksmiths are still living well. What they want to do is actually very simple. They just open a blacksmith shop in some places where casual cultivators are active. Shop, help people repair their magic weapons, this will be enough for them to live well.

Of course, if a magic weapon is damaged, they have no way to restore it. But here in Wanshan Realm, if a magic weapon is broken, it does not mean that it is useless. Here in Wanshan Realm, In the magic circle system, relatively speaking, each talisman is independent. Even if the magic circle is destroyed and there are only a few talismans left, their talismans can also play some roles, such as It is said that it can release some energy. This energy is like magic and has great power.

Moreover, the materials for refining magic weapons are all very good. Even for the most common magic weapons, the materials are good. If used well, they can also be used as weapons. Therefore, the remaining weapons are among the casual cultivators. It is very marketable, and it is precisely because of this that the blacksmith industry has existed until now.

If you are a casual cultivator, you don’t have many spiritual stones, and it is impossible to afford a complete magic weapon. But at this time, you have got a residual weapon, and this residual weapon can be used, so you will naturally be very happy. But what you get is the tip of a sword, with only the sword's light and no hilt. If you want to hold it in your hand, it will become very difficult. In this case, you have to think There is no other way.

If you are looking for a weapon refiner, then the spiritual stones you ask the weapon refiner to buy are enough for you to buy a complete magical weapon. It is impossible to ask them to repair a broken weapon, and even if you are a monk, then It's just to make the remnant weapon complete. It's impossible to make the remnant weapon as powerful as the original magic weapon. There is no weapon refiner who will go out to repair a remnant weapon. weapon, when they have that time, they might as well refine a new magic weapon.

But the blacksmiths are different. They have no way to repair the broken weapon, and they don't even have the ability to connect the broken weapon. But they have another ability, that is, they can actually repair the broken weapon. , add something to make this residual weapon more useful, like adding a handle behind the tip of the sword, and then making a sheath for it so that it can become a sword. With a dagger, they can do this.

And their approach is also very popular among casual cultivators, because after they do this, the remaining equipment will be very useful, and it will be much more convenient to use at least sometimes. The most important thing is that their charges are very reasonable. It’s cheap, so so far, blacksmiths still exist here in Wanshan Realm, and there are still a lot of them, because not only casual cultivators, but also some ordinary civilians can also use the things made by blacksmiths, but some craftsmanship is better The blacksmiths in the world do not make a living by making farm tools. They will open their blacksmith shops in places like Linyuan Town, so that their income will be very high.

Zhao Hai didn't know this originally, but today he knew it, because after he left Lao Liutou's grocery store, he did not relax his surveillance of Lao Liutou's grocery store. He always felt that Lao Liutou's grocery store Tou is not an ordinary person. He stays here in Linyuan Town and may have something to do with Lanka. He really wants to know what his relationship is with Lanka, so he has been paying great attention to Lao Liu Tou.

But he didn't expect that Old Liu didn't do anything, but the actions of those casual cultivators made him stunned, especially when he saw those casual cultivators taking the remaining weapons to the blacksmith shop, and then in the blacksmith shop When the person started to add some handles and other things to the remaining weapons, he was really stunned.

You must know that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have never worried about the magical weapons. Even when the Blood Killing Sect was in the most difficult times, they never worried about the magical weapons. All their magical weapons were distributed by the sect. , Not to mention now, the emergence of Buddha Power Metal has made the original magic weapons useless. In the eyes of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, those broken magic weapons have only one place to go, throw them away, of course. , now those magic weapons will be restored to the most original materials, but he never thought that there would be monks using the broken magic weapons, and even forming an industry, which really surprised him.

At the same time, this also gave Zhao Hai a closer understanding of Wanshan Realm. He found that Wanshan Realm was really different, very different. The cultivation world here seemed to be more complete, from low to It is a very complete pyramid. Although there is a country here, it seems that the country and each sect are managed separately, but in fact, it is not like that. Those sects are like real gods, controlling those countries. They use those countries to manage the civilians below, and even control those countries to launch wars. It can be said that those countries are like chess pieces in their hands, and those civilians, in their eyes, may not even be considered chess pieces. , can only be regarded as an ant.

Cruel, it can be said that the world of cultivation here in Wanshan Realm is even more cruel. Ordinary people can only be ants at the mercy of others for the rest of their lives, but the monks of the sects are aloof gods who control them at will. The life and death of those civilians, they did not regard those civilians as human beings at all.

Rogue cultivators may sound more like rogue cultivators, but to put it bluntly, in the eyes of those monks, they may just be a group of ants who are not sociable and like to dream. Perhaps only the stronger rogue cultivators can truly break away. The ant's fate was recognized by them and he truly became a monk.

There seems to be a natural gap between monks and civilians, which completely separates them. Monks are monks, and civilians are civilians. They are two completely different worlds, and casual cultivators may live between monks and civilians. The people between them are just struggling with their own destiny.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but sigh softly. The cultivation world here in Wanshan Realm is really too cruel, much crueler than the Blood Killing Sect. There are believers in the Blood Killing Sect. Of course, we can no longer call them believers. They are also civilians, they also live in the Xuanwu space, they can also practice, and they also have freedom. Of course, they only need to pray to the totem pole once a day. And when they practice to a certain level, they will immediately become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. It can be said that there is not a big gap between them and the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. The real gap may be strength, and the Blood Killing Sect disciples The Blood Killing Sect will give them the greatest support and allow them to improve their strength, so now there are fewer and fewer followers of the Blood Killing Sect, and sooner or later they will disappear completely.

The reason why Zhao Hai did not let the Xinnu know the truth immediately was because of the power of faith. Of course, the power of faith was not for him, but for other people in the Blood Killing Sect. The second reason was to let the Blood Killing Sect. The disciples of the sect are motivated, so that the believers can be motivated, and the third thing is to make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect feel more balanced.

Most of the disciples in the Blood Killing Sect now are here for the Blood Killing Sect to be where they are today. They have been through life and death and participated in countless battles. Even those who joined the Blood Killing Sect later are still very strong. , and those believers are originally believers. It is absolutely impossible for them to be on the same level as the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. If they are directly allowed to become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, it will only make the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. Feeling uncomfortable, Zhao Hai had to do this. Although he no longer made those people slaves, he did not let them become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect immediately. Instead, he gave them a path and kept walking as long as they did. If they go down, they will become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

There seems to be such an opportunity here in Wanshan Realm, but this opportunity is really too small. Those sects will choose from among the common people, but they will only choose those with good talents. And with this ratio, It's really too small, one thousandth? One in ten thousand? One in 100,000? Maybe more.

This kind of selection method will keep the monks in a superior position forever, while the civilians may remain civilians for life, because among the civilians, those with good talents will be selected, and those with less talents will be selected by those with less talents. Nobles focus on training. Even if they do not become nobles, their identities are different. People with good talents will have a much higher chance of giving birth to children with good talents than ordinary civilians. In this way, for countless generations, those who are now in the clan will The chance that people from the sect can actually select some disciples from among the common people is already very small. Now those who join those sects are almost all noble disciples.

And what should those civilians do if they want to become real monks? There are three ways. One is to have good talent and be selected by the sect. But this way is almost cut off now, because some sects will no longer select people from civilians to join the sect unless they are truly discovered. A commoner whose talent is so good that otherwise they would hardly choose people to join the sect among the commoners, because that would be a waste of their time.

Second, if you encounter a strange encounter, eat some genius treasure, and get the complete skills left by the predecessors, which are just right for you. If you have a certain level of practice, you will naturally become a monk, but with such a probability, It is really too low, pitifully low, maybe even lower than the concept of being selected by the sect.

Third, become a casual cultivator, a casual cultivator with no one to care about or ask, struggling on the line of life and death, just for the slightest chance. This path is also the only way out for those civilians who have some ideas, so in Wanwan Here in the mountain world, the number of casual cultivators is very large, surprisingly so.