c7802 aftermath

When there was no one alive in the alley, Zhao Hai glanced at both sides of the alley. He could hear a faint sound of footsteps. The footsteps were slowly getting smaller. It was obvious that the sound was The master was leaving quickly. Zhao Hai didn't pay much attention to this. Those people were the people in Linyuan City. They were just watching the fun just now. Now that the fun is over, they will naturally leave. .

Of course, the truth is not that simple. Those people should have been scared away. Their strength is not even comparable to people like Qiu Wanqian, let alone compared to Zhao Hai. People like Qiu Wanqian, They all died in the hands of Zhao Hai, how dare those people watch the fun there.

Zhao Hai didn't care about them. He glanced at the corpses on the ground, then waved his hand to collect all those people's magic weapons, and then collected all those people's space equipment, and then Only then did he gather all the bodies of those people, and then put all the bodies of those people into his own space equipment. Then he used a water spell to remove all the blood stains in the entire alley. Rinse it clean.

After doing this, Zhao Hai returned to the yard. In the yard, Lanka and the little black demon were still in trance. They had not woken up, but Zhao Hai could see that something had happened to their bodies. With the changes, it is obvious that they have begun to officially regard the silk thread and the ball as their natal magic weapon.

Zhao Hai looked at the appearance of the two of them and was very satisfied. Of course, the way the two of them looked now was only the first step. The second step was to digest the spiritual energy in their bodies, but that step had to be done slowly, because If all the spiritual energy in their bodies was digested at once, they would not be able to bear it. They had no way to digest all those things at once. That was obviously impossible, so they could only do it slowly. .

Whether it is Lanka or the little black demon, they are both too young and their bodies have not yet matured. Now they can only use some simple methods to slowly release the mana in their bodies. Digest them all, otherwise, when they grow up, it will be very dangerous for them to digest the things in their own bodies.

Because as time goes by, the spiritual energy will be better integrated with their bodies. Once they really move the spiritual energy, it will cause huge changes. If it is not done well, it will cause a When the spiritual energy breaks out, they will really be doomed by that time.

Time passed little by little, and about two hours had passed since Lanka and the little black demon entered trance, but they still didn't wake up, which made Zhao Hai a little surprised. At the same time, he also understood that the relationship between the two So they haven't woken up yet. It must be because their natal magic weapon is special and requires them to spend more time refining it.

The refining mentioned here is different from the refining. The refining is to use external force to refine some materials into a magical weapon. That is called refining. The refining here is talking about making a magical weapon. In it, add your own spiritual power, and even carve a spiritual imprint into it. Only in this way will the magic weapon become a natal magic weapon.

The natal magic weapon and the owner are closely connected. If the owner dies, the natal magic weapon will be broken. If the owner does not die, then naturally there is nothing to worry about. The natal magic weapon will grow with the owner. In the end, the natal magic weapon will be broken. How powerful the weapon is is directly related to the strength of the owner. If strictly speaking, the external incarnations of Blood Killing Sect disciples are all natal magic weapons.

The natal magic weapon also has certain requirements for materials. The better the material, the more powerful your natal magic weapon will naturally be. Of course, if the material is not good, then the natural power of your natal magic weapon will be limited. Not big, it doesn't mean that all natal magic weapons are very powerful.

The better the materials are, the more difficult it will be to refine a magic weapon into a life-saving magic weapon. The worse the materials are, the easier it will be to refine a magic weapon into a life-life magic weapon. Judging from the current situation, the materials of Lanka and Little Black Demon's natal magical weapons should be good. Zhao Hai is now even more curious about what kind of fruit the two of them eat.

After another hour, Lanka and the little black demon opened their eyes almost at the same time. Zhao Hai couldn't help but be stunned when he saw this situation. Then he immediately looked at the two of them and waved his hands at the same time. He also removed the protective shields outside the two bodies. As soon as Lanka opened his eyes, a very tired look appeared on his face, as did the little black demon. Then Lanka said to Zhao Hai: "Master, I'm so sleepy. ." After saying that, he fell down and fell asleep directly. Needless to say, the little black demon just opened his eyes and glanced at Zhao Hai, and then fell asleep directly.

Seeing that both of them were asleep, Zhao Hai quickly walked over, then glanced at the two of them, and then let out a sigh of relief. The two of them were indeed just asleep, and there was no other problem. Zhao Hai was relieved. Then he dragged two people, one with each other, directly into the room, put Lanka on his small bed, and then picked up Ranka's quilt and prepared to cover him.

But when he picked up the quilt, Zhao Hai was stunned, because the quilt was too hard and very heavy. He didn't know what was inside. It felt very uncomfortable to touch. The most important thing was that , turned out to be very dirty. But when I think about it, Lanka has been living his own life during this period of time, so it is understandable that he would put up such a quilt.

Zhao Hai didn't say anything, and then he took out a piece of animal skin from the space and covered it with Lanka. Then he put the quilt away, and Zhao Hai put the little black demon into Lanka's body. The body was covered with the same animal skin as Lanka, and then Zhao Hai walked out of the room gently and closed the door.

When he arrived in the yard, Zhao Hai thought for a while and walked out of the yard. After arriving outside, he walked along the main street of the town and walked straight to the outside of the town. When he arrived outside the town, he directly found a place. , used magic to create a big pit, then threw all the bodies of Qiu Wanqian and others into it, buried them again, and then returned to the town.

Along the way, he had been paying attention to the changes in the people in the town. He found that when the people in the town looked at him, their eyes changed. When everyone looked at him, there was something in their eyes. With a trace of fear, it was obvious that those people knew very well what Zhao Hai had done before, and it was precisely because of this that they were so afraid of Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai ignored those people. He just walked forward slowly, with a smile on his face. However, when he came to the door of Lao Liutou's grocery store, he stopped. This At that time, Old Liu Tou was standing in front of the grocery store looking at him with very complicated eyes.

Zhao Hai looked at Old Liu Tou and smiled, walked up to Old Liu Tou, smiled at Old Liu Tou and said: "Uncle Liu, do you have any clothes here? If you have clothes, give me one, I have this dress It's torn." Of course, the clothes on his body can't be torn. They are the clothes he used to use Fuli Metal, but he can't show it, so the clothes now do look torn. , especially on the arms, there are a few more holes, which were left from the previous battle. Zhao Hai can't let people see that he has such a powerful magic weapon, so he can only buy one. New clothes, even if you don’t wear them, you still have to buy one.

Old Liu Tou took a deep look at Zhao Hai, and then said to Zhao Hai: "Follow me." After saying that, he led Zhao Hai into the shop. When he arrived at the shop, he did not get clothes for Zhao Hai, but looked at Zhao Haidao: "Who are you? Why do you want to get close to Lanka? Is it because of what Qiu Wanqian said before, the sect token?"

Zhao Hai shook his head and said in a deep voice: "What kind of sect token is of no use to me at all. I have no interest in that thing at all. I know everything the sect teaches me. After joining the sect, I can't do it." Why should I join the sect if I have to be controlled by others? I really only accepted Lanka as my disciple because I saw his talent, and I really have no other ideas."

Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai, but he obviously didn't believe it, but he didn't say anything, because there was actually nothing wrong with Zhao Hai's words. There were many casual cultivators because they had obtained some other things. Only with the inheritance can one become very powerful, and many of those casual cultivators who have become strong because of other inheritances are not willing to join those sects, because when they are not strong enough, Those sects wouldn't even look at them. Now that they are strong enough, those sects want them to join, but they don't want to join. So among the casual cultivators, there are actually some There are many masters, but those masters are generally very mysterious.

The strength shown by Zhao Hai is still far from the level of a master, but his strength is not weak anymore. If he really got some amazing inheritance, he doesn't need to join the sect. Even if you practice by yourself, you may not be any worse than those sect disciples.

In fact, there are many casual cultivators now. Even if they are strong and can join those sects, they will not join those sects, because those casual cultivators will build themselves up during the training process. Even if their power is not as powerful as that of the sects, it is better because they can make the decision, so they would rather run their own power than join those sects.

Masters who have become famous among casual cultivators have a very embarrassing situation when they want to join those sects. That is, the big sects look down on them, and although the small sects can accept them, they will not provide them with much. Help, so now there are many casual cultivators who don’t like to join the sect. In their view, joining the sect not only does not get much help, but also puts an extra layer of constraints on themselves. They really don’t have that Necessary. It is precisely because of this that many casual cultivators now prefer to build their own power instead of joining that sect and becoming an elder in that sect, but in the end they will not get any benefits.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.