c7806 rely

If you want to understand a place, you must first understand the landlord forces. If you understand all the forces in a place, you will almost understand the place. Sometimes things are so simple, but in fact they are also very complicated. Yes, because you are a stranger and have just arrived in a city. It is not that easy to understand the distribution of power in this city.

Fortunately, Zhao Hai was not in a hurry, he could take his time, so Zhao Hai was not in a hurry to go out, dispose of Qiu Wanqian's corpses, and after buying some daily necessities from Old Liu Tou, returned to Lanzhou. In Ka's yard, Lanka was still sleeping at this time, and Zhao Hai did not disturb him, but just put away all the daily things.

After putting all those things away, Zhao Hai returned to Ranka's room. Seeing that Ranka was sleeping soundly, he didn't go to call Ranka. He knew that Ranka was really exhausted this time. , after all, refining a natal magic weapon is not that easy. If Lanka hadn't taken the heavenly materials and earthly treasures, it would have been impossible for him to complete this refining.

Zhao Hai did not leave the yard. He knew that there were probably many pairs of eyes looking at him in the town, so it was better for him to keep a low profile. Zhao Hai decided to make some delicious food for Lanka. The past few months without his Uncle Beard's care have been a lot of hardships. Although he can get some crystal stones by his own methods and buy food, what good can he get from the food he buys? , so he hasn’t had anything too good in the past few months.

While playing with the food, Zhao Hai guessed at Lanka's identity. Lanka's identity seemed to be nothing special. He had a father and a mother. His father died and his mother also died. He left long ago and has been living here in Linyuan Town. Everything seems normal. But if those special things are associated with him, his identity becomes very abnormal.

There is still too little information that Zhao Hai can get now. He doesn't know what is so special about Lanka's identity. Let's not talk about anything else. Let's talk about Qiu Wanqian first. Where did Qiu Wanqian get the bloody knife? A magical weapon? How did he know that Lanka had the sect token on his body? None of this is clear.

But no matter what Lanka's life experience is, it doesn't matter. Anyway, Lanka will be his disciple from now on. His disciple of Zhao Hai, no one can do anything to Lanka. His disciple of Zhao Hai, no matter what The disposal is all his business, Zhao Hai's, and has nothing to do with anyone else. If anyone dares to deal with his disciples without his permission, then he will not let that person go.

Just when Zhao Hai had finished cooking, he heard a voice saying: "Master, Master, where are you?" This voice had a hint of crying, which made Zhao Hai startled. He hurriedly walked from the kitchen to the bedroom. He knew that he and Lanka were the only two people in the whole yard, so the sound must have come from Lanka.

The kitchen in the courtyard is at the back of the main house. Zhao Hai used to cook there. Now when he heard Lanka's cry, he immediately ran to the main house. As soon as he entered the master bedroom of the main house, he saw When Ranka was standing and running out, as soon as he saw him, Ranka ran over immediately, hugged Zhao Hai, and said with a crying voice: "Master, where have you been? Ranka woke up. I couldn’t find you after that, and thought you didn’t want Lanka and left on your own.”

Zhao Hai hugged Lanka and said with a smile: "Master went to prepare delicious food for Lanka. How could Master not want Lanka? Lanka will always follow Master in the future. Don't worry." I don't know why. Zhao Hai felt a little sad at this moment. He had not known Lanka for a long time, but he just changed his clothes, ate some good food, and taught him how to practice. But now Ranka is not interested in him. But it was extraordinarily attached, and it was Ranka's performance that made Zhao Hai know that Ranka was still a child after all. Although he killed people, it was just for survival. In the end, he was still a child, one without his parents. , children who have no relatives.

When Lan Ka heard what Zhao Hai said, he also nodded, and the expression on his face relaxed. Zhao Hai looked at him, patted his back gently, and said in a deep voice: "Okay Lan Ka, let’s go eat, I’ve prepared the meal, are you hungry?”

Lanka immediately became energetic. He let go of Zhao Hai, looked at Zhao Hai with bright eyes and said, "Really? Master, I'm hungry, let's go eat quickly." After saying that, he looked at Zhao Hai with expectation. Looking at Zhao Hai. Looking at his expression, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Of course it's true, let's go." After that, he led Lanka to the backyard.

After a while, the two of them arrived at the canteen. Zhao Hai had indeed prepared the food, and he had also cleaned the restaurant here before. He directly brought the food to the restaurant and placed it on the table. Lanka and the little black demon had already sat at the table, looking at the food with radiant eyes.

Zhao Hai looked at them and couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Go and wash your hands, and then eat. After eating, I will formally teach you how to practice." When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, He glanced at the food on the table with some reluctance, but he quickly ran to wash his hands, and the little black demon quickly followed.

Zhao Hai looked at the two of them and just smiled. He did not regard the little black demon as an ordinary monster. Even if he was originally an ordinary monster, he is no longer ordinary now. Sooner or later, he will Becoming a monster can turn into a human form. As long as he turns into a human form, he will be a monk. Of course, Zhao Hai will not treat him as an ordinary monster.

Lanka and the little black demon ran back quickly. They had all washed their hands, and now their hands were still full of water. Looking at their appearance, Zhao Hai couldn't help laughing again, and then he took out a piece of cloth. He wiped their hands dry and then gave them something to eat.

What Zhao Hai prepared for Lanka today was the meat of monster beasts and bread. Now that Lanka is growing, he must eat some good food, and he will have to practice next. You have to eat good enough food, otherwise, he won’t be able to withstand it and his height may be affected.

Lanka ate very well, and so did the little black demon. Zhao Hai also ate something, otherwise he didn't eat much. In fact, at his level, he no longer needed to eat, but he still ate. He ate a little, but the food he cooked was indeed far inferior to Meg's, so he didn't have the same appetite.

After eating, Lanka and the little black demon were both full. They sat there and didn't want to move. Zhao Hai cleared the dishes and sat there, holding a cup of tea and drinking it every sip. Well, he didn't let Lanka and the little black demon get up right away. It was now after dinner, and they had to rest for a while before they could do strenuous exercise. This point actually applies no matter where they are placed.

After resting for about half an hour, Lanka stood up. Children digest quickly, and he no longer feels the support, so he wants to get up and move. After all, he is still young and is quite active. Sometimes, it is impossible for him to sit for a long time.

When Zhao Hai saw Ranka standing up, he also smiled slightly, and then said: "Okay, let's start practicing now. Come on, Ranka, let's go to the front yard, let's go." Ranka responded and hugged The little black demon walked to the front yard with Zhao Hai. Although he had only known Zhao Hai for a short time, he really obeyed Zhao Hai's words without any objection.

Soon the two of them and one monkey arrived in the front yard. Zhao Hai asked Lanka to put the little black demon down, and then he said to the little black demon: "Little black demon, you also have to practice, but the things you practice are not the same as Lan's." The cards are different, so you can't practice with Lanka now, just watch from the sidelines." Zhao Hai knew that the little black demon could understand what he said, so he just told the little black demon directly if he had any questions.

The little black demon screamed a few times, then ran to the side, squatting there and looking at Zhao Hai and Lanka. Lanka glanced at the little black demon, stopped looking at him, and turned to look at Zhao Hai. Because the living environment is different, Lanka has no aversion to practicing. On the contrary, he really wants to practice because he knows very well that only when he is strong can he protect himself and take back his bearded uncle. of those houses.

Zhao Hai stood opposite Lanka. He looked at Lanka and said with a smile: "Lanka, those two fruits you ate with the little black demon before are all good things for you and the little black demon. , both of you have gained different abilities, but you haven’t fully digested the power in the fruit, so I’m going to teach you a set of boxing techniques and how to use them, so that you can slowly It digests the energy in your body."

Lanka nodded in understanding. Obviously, he didn't understand Zhao Hai's words very well. Zhao Hai didn't mean to blame him, but looked at him and said with a smile: "I'll let you do it tonight." The thing is actually to refine the silk thread in your body. After refining that silk thread, that silk thread is yours and no one can take it away. At the same time, the set of boxing techniques taught to you can also be used in conjunction with that thread. Silk thread is used, so you must pay attention when learning.”

Lanka responded: "Yes, master, don't worry, I will definitely study hard." When he said this, his little face was solemn, and it could be seen that he said this sincerely. This is also the biggest difference between the world of cultivation and the earth. Everyone here knows that cultivation is their only way out, so these children have been taught since childhood to practice hard, so it is like For children like Lanka, as long as they hear that they can practice, they would rather give up the opportunity and practice hard.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka's appearance and said with a smile: "Okay, but before practicing, you have to do a lot of things. The first thing to do is to stretch your tendons. Only in this way can you Practice that boxing technique better, come on, follow the master." After saying that, Zhao Hai slowly made a movement, opened his hands as wide as possible, then raised them above his head, and clasped his hands on top of his head as if Both hands were holding a big sword, as if it was about to strike downwards.