c7803 Remnants

Although Old Liu Tou was dubious about Zhao Hai's words, he still said: "You accepted Lanka as a disciple, that is to pass on the inheritance to Lanka, but you also know that Lanka's talent is very good, if Lanka If there is really a sect token on his body, that means he will have a chance to join the sect in the future. The things you teach him now may even become an obstacle for him to join the sect. Do you think this is really true? Is it good?"

Zhao Hai looked at Old Liu Tou and snorted coldly: "Joining a sect is not necessarily a good thing. What I am teaching him now is the most suitable for him. Even if those sects accept Lanka as a Disciple, can you teach him like this? It’s just a sect token. There is no need for small sects to join. Even if a big sect joins, it may not be a good thing. The geniuses in the big sect are too talented. If there are too many, Lanka may not be able to win over others, and in the end he will become an ordinary monk, wasting his talent."

When Old Liu Tou heard what Zhao Hai said, he frowned slightly, but didn't say anything. He didn't expect that Zhao Hai would have such a great hatred for those sects. It seemed that he used to , he may have been rejected by those sects, otherwise, he would not be like this.

Thinking of this, Old Liu Tou couldn't help but sigh softly and said: "No matter what you think, I hope you can be nicer to Lanka, and you should also know that those friends of Lanka's father are not dead yet, they are not When you know how to fight, you will come back to Linyuan Town. Their strength is very poor. If you treat Lanka badly, they will not let you go."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "I'm not worried about this. Even if they want to do something, they have to have a chance. My relationship with Lanka is so good, and I am so good to Lanka, how can they still do it?" Will they take action against me? If they really take action against me, I won't be polite. Even if I don't kill them for the sake of Lanka, I can teach them a lesson. Okay, Uncle Liu, give it Let me get my clothes, Lanka is still at home, I have to go back early."

Old Liu Tou didn't say anything, he just took out a gray warrior uniform and gave it to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai nodded, and then he waved his hand, and a lot of broken clothes appeared in front of him. , or damaged magic weapons, he said to Old Liu Tou: "Uncle Liu, do you accept these things? If you do, I will deal with them for you."

As soon as Old Liu Tou saw those magical weapons, he knew that they were all from the Blood Knife Gang. But now that those people were dead, he naturally didn't care who those magical weapons belonged to. Although these magical weapons were all from The lowest quality goods, but these things are suitable for casual cultivators. You must know that among casual cultivators, there are many people who do not have magic weapons. And this is one of Old Liu Tou's main businesses, so of course he wants these magical weapons.

Old Liu Tou immediately said: "Take it, of course, take it. These magic weapons were not good ones in the first place, and now they are broken, so they are not very valuable. So, I will give you this bunch. How about twenty spiritual stones, I gave you this price just for Lanka's sake."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, let's do that. By the way, one of the spiritual stones, I want to change into clothes. My clothes and Lanka's clothes, it's best to have something to eat." , you know, these two little guys, Lanka and Little Black Demon, are very greedy."

Lao Liu nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, you wait." After saying that, he took out a lot of things from the house, including dozens of clothes, some big and some small. The big one is of course for Zhao Hai, the small one is for Lanka, and there are some food and things for use.

Old Liu Tou put the pile of things in front of Zhao Hai and said to Zhao Hai: "These things are all things that must be used in life. That boy from Lanka, but he hasn't worn one for a long time." I have a good piece of clothing, I will give you these things at a cheaper price, take all of them for one spiritual stone, and the remaining nineteen spiritual stones are here, you can keep them."

Zhao Hai looked at the nineteen spirit stones. These spirit stones should all be the lowest low-level spirit stones. These spirit stones are all white, about the size of a thumb. They look like pieces of white jade, but There is an energy inside, but this energy is not very strong.

Zhao Hai also had an understanding of the purchasing power of this low-level spiritual stone. He then said: "Okay, thank you very much." Then he put away the spiritual stone and the pile of things, and left the groceries. Shop, walking towards the yard of Lanka's house, but he didn't care at all about the eyes of the people around him.

As soon as Zhao Hai left, several casual cultivators immediately entered Lao Liutou's grocery store. The leader among them was the one who said he would deal with Zhao Hai in the morning. Now he had a look of happiness on his face. As soon as he entered the grocery store, he saluted Old Liu and said, "Uncle Liu, thank you very much. If it weren't for you, we would be in trouble now. I really didn't expect the strength of this Zhao Ying." He was so powerful, and we heard all the conversations he had with Qiu Wanqian before. We really didn't expect that he really didn't come here for the things on Lanka. It seems that we blamed him wrongly. ”

Old Liu Tou glanced at them and said calmly: "As long as you know, just don't mess with him. I don't think he is a troublemaker. If you don't mess with him, he probably won't." Go mess with you." After saying that, he began to sort out the pile of things Zhao Hai sold him.

The monk fell on the pile of things, and his eyes couldn't help but light up. Then a smile appeared on his face and he said: "Uncle Liu, can you sell some of these magic weapons to us? How about it being cheaper?" Those Although the magic weapons are all broken, they are still usable. And they have all seen the people of the Blood Knife Gang use these magic weapons, so they know that these magic weapons can be used, which is better than the general broken weapons that they don't know the origin of. much better.

Old Liu Tou glanced at those people and said in a deep voice: "I can buy it for you. Five spiritual stones a piece. Take the money." The one piece he said here is not really one piece. After one magic weapon is interrupted, it becomes two or three. This is the one he is talking about, five spiritual stones.

When the man heard what the old shop said, his face couldn't help but change, and he immediately said: "Uncle Liu, are you too shady? We just heard that he bought you all this, but it was only two Ten Spiritual Stones, you are selling us five Spiritual Stones one by one. Isn’t that too shady for you? There are at least a dozen of them here. Isn’t your business so profitable?”

Old Liu Tou glanced at them, snorted coldly and said: "Stop talking nonsense, you are like this, will you buy it?" He said and picked up one of the magic weapons. The handle is not long, and the average person who buys a magic weapon will indeed not buy such a magic weapon, because there are almost no magic circles there, so naturally no one will want it.

The monk showed a rogue smile on his face and said: "Uncle Liu, your price is too cruel. How about it being cheaper, three spiritual stones for one piece? If you want three spiritual stones for one piece, then how about it?" For the few of us, just buy one piece each, or even two pieces, so that your pile of magic tools will soon turn into spiritual stones, and you won’t have to hold them in your hands anymore, how about that?"

Old Liu Tou looked at the monk's appearance for a while and then said in a deep voice: "That's all, we are all living in the same place. I will buy you three spiritual stones one piece. But remember, what will happen in the future?" Good things, get more from me and go to those big stores, or set up your own stall, otherwise, don’t think about buying anything cheap from me next time.”

When the monk heard what Old Liu Tou said, he couldn't help but feel happy. He immediately said: "Definitely, definitely, brothers, do it quickly, two for each person." Several people following him all responded. , stepped forward to choose, and soon one person selected two items, and then gave the spirit stones to Old Liu Tou, a total of thirty-six spirit stones.

Old Liu Tou put away the spirit stones and the remaining weapons on the ground, and then said to them: "The cleaning fluid is there, go get it yourself, and then go to Old Wu's place to transform it, and it should be good." It's ready for use." As he said this, Old Liu Tou pointed at a wooden barrel placed in the corner. The monks responded, and all went to the barrel, and put the magic weapon into the barrel. He took it out again, looked at it, and then put it away.

If Zhao Hai were here, he really might not know what this cleaning fluid is, but this thing is actually a very common thing here in Wanshan Realm. This kind of thing actually only has one purpose. , that is, some remaining mental power can be cleared away.

As long as a magic weapon has been used by someone, there will definitely be residual mental power in it. However, this residual mental power also has a time limit. Under normal circumstances, it can be up to one year and at least three months. It will disappear completely, but if you kill the enemy and get a good magic weapon, but the enemy's mental power remains on the magic weapon, you can't use it, and you have to wait for at least three months. At that time, it was not cost-effective, so people here in Wanshan Realm developed a method that can quickly remove residual mental power, which is this kind of cleaning fluid. The materials of this kind of thing are very cheap, and can be placed for a long time. There is no problem for a long time, so this kind of thing gradually becomes less valuable. In grocery stores like Lao Liutou and others, this thing is always available, and this thing is really cheap. One spirit stone can buy a large bucket, so he just gave it to people for free.

Those people came out of Lao Liutou's grocery store and went directly to another blacksmith shop on the street. They asked the blacksmith inside to install something like a handle on the remaining utensils so that they could use it. This magical weapon was obtained, and this method is also a method commonly used by casual cultivators who have obtained some broken magical weapons. There is nothing surprising, but Zhao Hai has never seen such a method.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.