c7808 Boxing

Lanka looked at Zhao Hai with bright eyes. For a child, the abilities shown by Zhao Hai, such as the non-condensed and flexible physical training ability, were even more attractive. It is precisely because of this that he He was even more interested in flexibility training. As soon as he heard Zhao Hai finished speaking, he immediately said loudly: "Yes, Master, I will definitely work hard."

Zhao Hai nodded, then looked at Lanka and said: "Okay, it's almost time to rest now. It's time for me to teach you the Spiritual Snake Silk Fist. Come on, stand up and practice with me. Remember, every one The movements must be in place. At this stage, it is very important for you. A posture that is not very standard may have a huge impact on you."

Ranka immediately stood up and walked up to Zhao Hai with excitement. Zhao Hai looked at Ranka and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Okay, pay attention. This is the first move, Spiritual Snake Swallowing." Letter." After saying that, Zhao Hai moved and made a very strange movement. His body twisted unnaturally and looked very strange, as if it was a snake sticking out its tongue and looking at He was looking at his enemy, ready to attack at any time, and the tongue of this snake was his right palm.

Lanka also immediately assumed this posture, but Zhao Hai put away the movements of his hands at this time and began to correct Lanka's posture. All movements must meet the standards. This does not mean that Zhao Hai It's very rigid, but these movements have all been analyzed and calculated by Xue Sha Zong Guang's brain, proving that these movements are the most suitable for people to exert force, and they are also the most labor-saving for people to maintain this posture. Action, so this action must be standard.

It can be said that Zhao Hai's Spirit Snake Silk Winding Fist is actually a set of boxing frames. Many people may find it very strange. They don't know the difference between boxing frames and boxing techniques. Boxing frames and boxing techniques are different. Boxing frames are a kind of frame. The most important function of these postures is to practice strength, to practice all aspects of your body's strength, while boxing is for attacking power, so in boxing, there has always been a saying, that That is to say, boxing is to die, boxing is to live.

The so-called boxing frame is critical does not mean that your boxing frame must be very rigid, but it means that your boxing frame must be very standard, because sometimes the boxing frame is not standard, which may make your body not only If you don't get exercise, you will still suffer certain injuries, because the boxing frame is for training strength, so the boxing frame must be standard, which is why the boxing frame is fatal.

And boxing must be flexible, that is to say, when you use boxing, the boxing must be learned and used flexibly. When it is most suitable, use the most suitable move. You cannot say that your boxing is like this, you will only be like this. Use, that is absolutely not possible. If you really fight against someone, your boxing skills must be lively. For example, if you only have eighteen boxing styles in a boxing set, if you only fight the eighteen boxing styles from beginning to end. , then he only has one change, but if you can combine the eighteen moves of the boxing method at will, there will be countless changes, so that you can calmly deal with the enemy.

People say that if you are not afraid of a thousand moves, you have to be familiar with one move. In fact, this is the truth. For good martial arts, you don’t need to know too many martial arts. You only need to know one set of martial arts. Any set of martial arts, his There cannot be only one move. The Blood Killing Sect’s eight bloody fighting moves are relatively rare in martial arts, but he also has eight moves. These eight moves can be combined at will, making the enemy hard to guard against on the battlefield. , but the Spiritual Snake Silk Winding Fist has thirty-six movements, so there are even more combinations.

Of course, we have said before that the Spirit Snake Silk Winding Fist is a boxing frame, but the boxing frame can also be used to attack, and the attack initiated by the boxing frame will be more flexible, because the boxing frame only teaches you how to exert force. It allows you to exert force in any situation and at any angle. In this case, your boxing style will naturally have more changes.

It is precisely because of this that when Zhao Hai taught Lanka Spiritual Snake Silk Winding Fist, the requirements were very strict. Every posture must be made to a very high standard. Standards alone are not enough, but also Let him remember those postures and let those postures become the instinct of his body. Only in this way can he master the Spiritual Snake Silk Fist.

Lanka is definitely a good student. This may also have something to do with the environment he lives in. What is most cherished by people? The answer is things that are not available. The more unobtainable things are, the more people want them. But if he gets it, he will cherish it very much. Maybe that thing is not a good thing, but he will always be cherished.

And Ranka was born here in Linyuan City. He has been exposed to all casual cultivators since he was a child. Almost all the things in the casual cultivators are the most basic things. Everyone knows almost the same things, which are nothing more than some bad streets. Although these things can also be used, such as boxing skills or sword skills, to be honest, the power of these things is really very ordinary, so no matter who knows something different, they will keep it secret. , use it as your own special move to beat the enemy, so things like exercises are something that can't be obtained by casual cultivators. Therefore, all casual cultivators' desire for exercises has reached a level that makes people obsessed. degree.

In such an environment, although Ranka is just a child, his desire for martial arts is no less than that of others, so he is so obedient, because in his opinion, the master is now him Teach him new exercises. He will not care about the power of this set of exercises. He only knows that this set of exercises is something that no one else knows. It is a very precious thing. As long as he has the opportunity to learn it, he must work hard. To study, he must not let it go, so he studied extremely seriously.

The students studied seriously and the teacher taught seriously. In the blink of an eye, two hours passed. In these two hours, Zhao Hai only taught Lanka six moves of the Spiritual Snake Silk Winding Fist. Two As soon as the time came, Zhao Hai asked Ranka to stop for a moment. Ranka looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion. Zhao Hai had told him before that there were thirty-six styles of Spiritual Snake Silk Fist, but now he only taught him six. He was very puzzled as to why he was not taught all the techniques yet.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka's appearance and couldn't help but smile slightly: "Lanka, you are still young. If you practice boxing with all your strength now, you may leave hidden wounds on your body. So now when you practice boxing every day, you must not practice more than two hours a day. When it reaches two hours, you must stop and rest, do you understand what I mean?"

Lanka responded. He was really following Zhao Hai's advice now and would not object at all. Zhao Hai looked at him and couldn't help but like him even more. He smiled and said to Lanka: " Okay, then I’m going to teach you some bland words, come on, sit down, and I’ll see how many words you know.”

This point is also very important. Although in the world of cultivation, there is almost no such thing as illiteracy, but for a child like Lanka, who is a casual cultivator, their educational environment is naturally impossible to be the same as that of those large sects or big schools. Compared with the disciples of the family, they may know the characters, but that was probably taught to him by his father or his father's friends, so it's really hard to say how many characters he knows.

Zhao Hai certainly didn't want his disciple to be unable to read all the characters in the future, so he had to teach Lanka to read. This would not only stop Ranka from thinking about practicing boxing, but also allow him to learn to read. Words, this will be very beneficial to Lanka’s future development.

In the future, Lanka will definitely enter the Blood Killing Sect, but Zhao Hai knows very well that even if Lanka enters the Blood Killing Sect, it will be in vain if he does not know how to read. Well, no sect would accept an illiterate person as a disciple.

Lanka was obviously not as interested in getting to know each other as he was in practicing martial arts. However, he still had no objection. Instead, he sat there obediently and learned to read from Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai did not teach him how to read in a boring way. When he taught Lanka how to read, he usually taught him through some stories. ,

Time passed little by little. Zhao Hai taught Ranka for another two hours before he stopped. Ranka also knew a few words at this time, but his energy was obviously not very good and he was obviously tired. When he arrived, Zhao Hai didn't teach Lanka anything else. Instead, he smiled at Lanka and said, "Okay, today's learning content ends here. Let's go out and play for a while."

Ranka looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Master, have you taught the little black demon to learn?" Ranka has long regarded the little black demon as his partner. Zhao Hai said before that he would teach the little black demon to learn. Now But there was no teaching. Lanka felt very bad, so he reminded Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Don't worry, of course I want to teach the little black demon to learn, but the little black demon's learning method is a little different. We have to go outside to teach him to learn. Come on, let's go out." Zhao Hai knew , the learning method of monsters is completely different from that of monks. Although the little black demon is very smart, he is a monster after all. He cannot be as smart as Lanka, so the learning method of monsters, It is absolutely impossible to be the same as a monk.

The two led the little black demon out of Lanka's courtyard. At this time, Lanka looked at the courtyards next to him strangely, and then Zhao Hai said in confusion: "Master, how can I It feels like there is no one in these yards? Usually there are people in these yards. After those bad guys took over Uncle Beard's yard, there will be a lot of people in the yard every day, and it is very noisy. Why is there no one today?"

When Zhao Hai heard what Lanka said, he smiled slightly and said: "Don't worry, Lanka. I have beaten away the people in these courtyards. These courtyards will belong to Lanka from now on. It won't happen." If someone comes to rob you, how about we let your uncle and the others keep the beard?"

When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned at first, and then he couldn't help but look at Zhao Hai with bright eyes and said: "Master, is it true? Master, you have driven away all the bad guys in these yards? These yards belong to my Uncle Beard and his friends again? Is it true?"