c7818 ask

Not long after Yao Yan left, the news that Zhao Hai could help people in the town take care of their children spread throughout the town. Although everyone in the town had heard the news from Shuanzi, But no one knew the more detailed content of the news. Now from Yao Yan, they all knew the content of the news, which also attracted the attention of many people.

In fact, after having children, the living conditions of many people in the town have become a lot worse. In the past, many adventurers in the town were couples who went out to do tasks together and make money together. They live a very comfortable life, but after having children, the wife usually takes care of the children at home and cannot go out to do tasks. In this way, they lose an income and have an extra mouth to eat. , which naturally worsens their living conditions.

Although it is said that they will not be too meticulous in raising children here, as long as they can feed the children and have clothes to wear, but even so, the family will lose half of their income, but the expenses will be huge. , which has also made many families’ lives very tight.

Now Zhao Hai is willing to help them take care of their children. Although it is charged, the fee he charges is not very high. This is affordable for those families. It is precisely because of this that the town's Many people are very interested in this matter, especially families with children.

Of course, there are some people who do not want to send their children to Zhao Hai. In their opinion, sending their children to Zhao Hai will do no good to the children at all. If anything happens to the children, Zhao Hai But as soon as he left, wouldn't everything be over? In the final analysis, they still cannot fully trust Zhao Hai.

However, Yao Yan is already preparing to send her child to Zhao Hai. Yao Yan's husband is also an adventurer, but his strength is not very strong. He is unable to do some tasks that seem to be very profitable. Doing it, because if he went there, it would be equivalent to death. This made their family's life very difficult, and they could only have enough to eat.

Yao Yan was very anxious about this situation, but she had no good solution. The child had to be taken care of. Even if she wanted to go out to do tasks, she couldn't do it. Now she finally had such an opportunity to send the child to Zhao Hai takes care of her, which is a complete relief for her. She believes that she can earn at least ten spiritual stones in a month. Even if she gives Zhao Hai two yuan as the child's tuition, they The family also has an extra income of eight spiritual stones, which is definitely a lot of money for a family like theirs, so Yao Yan has already thought about it and must send the child to Zhao Hai.

In fact, there are definitely many people who think like Yao Yan. After all, life is very difficult for many people in the town. Having more income is definitely good news for them, so the next day, There were more than a dozen women leading their children outside Zhao Hai's yard.

Yao Yan glanced at the others and saw that they all knew each other, so she was not surprised that those people would come. The living standards of those people were similar to hers, and they would not let this opportunity go, so They all came, Yao Yan nodded at those people, then stepped forward and knocked on the door of Lanka's house.

Soon the courtyard door was opened, and Zhao Hai walked out of the courtyard. As soon as he saw a few people, he immediately smiled at them and said, "Are you all sending your children to school?" Zhao Hai finally said He decided to call this place a school, that's why he said so, but obviously, Yao Yan and the others did not understand what Zhao Hai meant. After all, there is no such thing as a school in Linyuan Town. In fact, even in There is no such thing as a school in the entire Wanshan Realm.

Zhao Hai saw that Yao Yan and the others looked puzzled, and couldn't help but smile slightly: "You send your children here and let me take care of them. That means sending your children to school, or maybe calling them school. You have to take care of your children." Sent to me to go to school?" After Zhao Hai explained it once, he asked again. He just wanted to make these women familiar with this title as soon as possible.

Yao Yan immediately nodded and said: "Yes, we are here to send the children to school." Yao Yan and the others didn't care what they called them. They all had the same meaning anyway, so she agreed directly. At the same time, he also pulled a child next to him over.

Zhao Hai took a look at the child. The child looked like eight or nine years old. His skin was a little dark and he looked a little thin, but his eyes were moving roundly. At first glance, he looked like a very naughty little guy. Zhao Hai Hai glanced at the child, then turned to Yao Yan and said, "Sister-in-law Yao, is this your child? What's its name?"

Yao Yan immediately said: "His name is Niu Li. This kid is very naughty. If he disobeys, just beat him. As long as he doesn't die, I won't blame you." After saying that, Yao Yan turned around again He said to Niu Li: "You must listen to Mr. Zhao Ying, otherwise, be careful with your skin."

Niu Li didn't take it seriously, but glanced at Zhao Hai, his eyes rolling around. Obviously, he didn't care much about his mother's words. Maybe he felt that her mother wouldn't do anything to him at all. , that's why he is so relaxed, Zhao Hai also knows that this kid must be well disciplined, otherwise he may be a trouble.

Yao Yan looked at Zhao Hai and then said to Zhao Hai with some embarrassment: "Mr. Zhao Ying, can I have a gracious favor? Today my husband and I will go out to do a task. This task may take a few days. time. In this way, I have no way to take care of this kid. Can you please help me take care of him for a few days? I mean, at night, can you ask him to sleep here with you? Don’t worry, no. What trouble will it cause you?"

Zhao Hai thought for a while, then nodded and said: "This is no problem. There are many empty rooms in the yard, and there are many beds inside. You can find a bed for him to stay in, but we don't have any extra ones." The luggage is gone, you have to bring your own luggage, how about it?"

Yao Yan immediately said: "Thank you, Mr. Zhao Ying. I have brought his luggage. I will help him lay it out." After speaking, she took out a luggage roll. It seemed that she was Having been prepared for a long time, Zhao Hai didn't say anything, just smiled, and then stepped aside to let her enter the yard.

As soon as they saw Yao Yan doing this, several other people looked at each other, and then one of the women immediately said to Zhao Hai: "Mr. Zhao Ying, can you let our children live here? We are going out soon. As you know, if we come back on the same day to do a mission, we really won’t be able to earn any spiritual stones. We must do the mission this time and we will definitely go out for a few days. Do you think that’s okay?”

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Okay, there are still a lot of empty rooms in the yard. By the way, it is best for you to live in them all together, so that it will be more convenient for me to take care of them. Please come in." The women all responded happily, and then entered the yard. Zhao Hai led them to the row of houses, pointed them to a few rooms, and asked them to go and salute the children.

After several women laid out their luggage and came to the yard, Yao Yan walked up to Zhao Hai and said a little embarrassedly to Zhao Hai: "Mr. Zhao Ying, I'm really sorry, our income is not There are a lot of them, and I don’t have spiritual stones in my hand now, so it will take a while for your tuition to be given to you, but I’m here for the children’s food. It’s right here.” After saying this, she moved her hand, and there was more in her hand. Two bags came out. Both bags contained something like potatoes, which were bigger than potatoes. This was also the main food for the people here in Wanshan Realm.

Several other women were also a little embarrassed. Each of them took out two bags. The things in the bags were all filled with potato-like things. It could be seen that their family's life was not too bad. Okay, but Zhao Hai didn't care. Instead, he smiled slightly and said: "Okay, no problem, but I want to ask you for a favor. I wonder if it's okay?"

Yao Yan quickly said: "Sir, if you have any instructions, please tell me directly. As long as we can help, we will definitely help." Yao Yan and the others already felt that they were a little sorry for Zhao Hai, but now they heard what Zhao Hai said. , naturally they would not object and immediately agreed.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "I would like to ask for your help to carve out a piece of land outside the town. The land does not need to be too big. I want to grow some food and vegetables there so that the children can grow in the future." The food will also become more diverse, what do you think?" This was Zhao Hai's long-standing plan. He could have done it alone, but he felt that if he did it all by himself, it would be too high-profile. , so he wanted Yao Yan and the others to help him complete it.

When Yao Yan and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they immediately responded. Yao Yan even said: "No problem, sir, don't worry. It just so happens that my husband hasn't left yet. I'll go back and call him now and ask them to help." , to open up a piece of land outside the town. This is also for the benefit of the children. Sisters, we all go back and call for people to clear out the land that Mr. needs as soon as possible. Then we are doing the task. Anyway, those little bastards, We are all here, so we don’t have to worry about anything. Let’s go.” When the women heard Yao Yan’s greeting, they all responded and then turned around and left.

Counting these women, they are all casual cultivators. They are different from ordinary housewives and can do things more happily. So as soon as Zhao Hai said it, they immediately agreed. Zhao Hai looked at them with a look of confusion. He smiled and then returned to the yard. At this time, Ranka had just finished practicing contortion and was resting there. The children obviously all knew Ranka. At this time, they were surrounding Ranka and talking to Ranka. words, but the topics all revolved around Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai glanced at the children, smiled slightly and said: "Lanka, come here for a moment, and you all will come over too." Lanka and the children all gathered around Zhao Hai, and they all looked at Zhao Hai, their eyes filled with tears. Curious, I don’t know what Zhao Hai asked them to do.