c7819 xiahonggu

Looking at those children, Zhao Hai smiled and said: "From today on, you are students in the same field, and Lanka went to school earlier than you, so from today on, Lanka is your senior. If I am not here If you say so, then Lanka will be responsible for managing you. If any of you disobeys Lanka, then I will punish him, do you understand?"

The children responded in confusion, but Zhao Hai didn't pay attention, but nodded to the children, and then said: "Okay, I want to go out now, Lanka, you have to manage them well next, Don’t let them leave this yard, if anyone dares to disobey you, you can beat them, but you can’t kill them, do you understand?”

Lanka puffed up her small chest and responded loudly. Zhao Hai nodded, then turned and left the yard and walked to the street. As soon as he arrived on the street, he saw Yao Yan leading a man with a similar look. A thin man came over. Although that man was very thin, his temperament was very good. His whole person gave people a very gentle feeling. He stood with Yao Yan, but Yao Yan looked even more... A bit tougher.

As soon as Yao Yan saw Zhao Hai, she immediately led the man to Zhao Hai and said to Zhao Hai: "Sir, this is my husband, Niu Wen, Niu Wen, this is Mr. Zhao Hai." It looks like this Yao Yan still valued Zhao Hai very much, so she took the initiative to introduce him to her husband.

Zhao Hai saluted Niu Wen and said: "Hello, Mr. Niu, Zhao Ying is polite." Zhao Hai had a good impression of Niu Wen, and Zhao Hai also discovered another thing, that is, this Niu Wen, he seemed It was an acquaintance. On the first day he led Lanka out, he was drugged and robbed by a group of people in the woods, and this Niu Wen was one of those people.

However, Zhao Hai had no objection to those people, so he did not intend to cause trouble for Niu Wen. Instead, he bowed to Niu Wen very politely. He just wanted to see Niu Wen's reaction. The reason why Zhao Hai is so fat is because he knows very well that sometimes, the reason why these casual cultivators rob is not necessarily for greed, but for survival. In order to survive, they have to rob. It’s the helplessness of casual cultivators.

Niu Wen saluted Zhao Hai with some embarrassment: "Mr. Zhao Ying, you are polite." After that, he stopped talking, and his head was still half lowered, and he did not dare to look at Zhao Hai. Obviously, he was a little worried. He was embarrassed to face Zhao Hai, that's why he was like this. The way Zhao Hai looked at him made him have a better impression. A person with a sense of shame shouldn't be that bad.

Yao Yan obviously didn't know these things. He said to Zhao Hai: "Sir, my husband knows some earth magic. He can help. Let's go." Yao Yan's temperament seemed to be quite impatient. She is the kind of person who will do whatever she is told to do right away and won't delay, so she will go out of town right away.

Zhao Hai hurriedly said: "Wait for the others. After everyone arrives, go out together. By the way, I want to ask, is there no one in charge of our town? When we go to open land outside the town, there will be no one Come and take care of it?" This is what Zhao Hai is most worried about. He is worried that if he opens land outside the town and attracts some guys to collect taxes, it will be troublesome, so he will ask the question, although He's not afraid of those guys, but he doesn't want to be in trouble.

Yao Yan shook her head and said: "No one cares. Who will care about this place? This is the territory of our casual cultivators. People from the big sects can't control this place. In the past, Lanka's father was in charge of this place, and later it was owned by Hu Hu." That guy took care of it, and later he became that guy Qiu Wanqian, but now Qiu Wanqian is dead, and you haven't established your own gang yet, so there is no one in the town to take care of it, but it's better this way. In the past, when Lanka's father and Hu Hu were in charge, it was okay. Although they would charge some fees, they charged very little, and they really worked for everyone, so everyone believed in them, and the hatred was nothing. Good thing, after he came up, he actually wanted to collect taxes. Even if you don't take action, I think it won't take long for everyone in the town to gather and kill him."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly. He believed this. He now knew that for those monks, the town was their home and their resting place. Of course, they did not want any conflicts to arise in the town. , but the income of the people in the town is not very high. If Qiu Wanqian and the others really push the people in the town too much, the people in the town will never let them go.

Don't underestimate these people in the small town. Although they behave very mildly in the small town, everyone gets together, drinks, and brags, and it gets over. But for them outside, this is not the case. They may be committing murder and arson outside, and they do all kinds of evil, so Zhao Hai will never underestimate the people in the town.

At this moment, several women who had sent their children to Zhao Hai before all led their husbands to Zhao Hai, and then Zhao Hai led everyone to leave the town. These days, he led Lanka in Walking around outside the town, I have found a place that is different. It is actually a large valley, but what is rare is that there are no big trees there, only some small shrubs. The most important thing is that in There is actually a small stream flowing through that valley, and it is not far from the town. It is the most suitable place for farming.

When Zhao Hai led everyone to the valley, Niu Wen and the others' expressions changed. Niu Wen looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Sir, are you planning to reclaim all the land here? And then plant food?" " There was a trace of uncertainty and a trace of disapproval in his tone.

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he was a little puzzled and said: "What? Is there any problem here? I think this place is still very good. The land is flat and there is a creek in the middle. It should be the most suitable for farming here. ." Zhao Hai really didn't find anything wrong here, so he said this.

When Niu Wen heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "Sir, there is indeed a problem here, and it is a big problem. Every summer, it rains heavily here. If it rains too much, floods will occur, so this place When summer comes, almost all of the valley will be flooded, so people in our town call this place Xiahong Valley, so it’s really not suitable for growing food. If it were suitable for growing food, I’m afraid we would be too soon. Food is grown here.”

Everyone else also nodded. It was obvious that they all knew what Niu Wen said. Looking at the looks of these people, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile bitterly. To be honest, he really didn't know this, but He still looked around with some confusion and said, "Really? But why are there still these small trees here? These small trees won't grow so tall in a year, right? And if there is really a flood here, In the new year, the soil here won’t be so thick, right?”

Niu Wen and the others smiled bitterly and said: "Those small trees are not afraid of water, they can grow in water, and after the flood enters the valley, because the valley is very large, the flood will calm down when it reaches here. There will be some layers of soil left behind, which is why the soil here is so thick.”

When Zhao Hai heard what Niu Wen said, his eyes couldn't help but shine. He then took a closer look at the valley, and finally he suddenly said: "If this is really the case, that would be better. Let's do this. Let us all spend our time here today. As long as you listen to me, I think this place will definitely become an important grain-producing area in our town in the future."

Niu Wen and the others looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion, not knowing what he meant. Zhao Hai smiled slightly, then he glanced at the mountains on both sides, and finally he walked to a place at the entrance of the valley and said in a deep voice: " Let's take the stone from here and transport it here. We are going to build a dam here." As he said this, Zhao Hai pointed to the distance, which was almost half of the valley, which made everyone even more puzzled. , they don’t even know what a dam is.

Zhao Hai didn't care whether they understood or not, he just called everyone up, and then started to dig stones under Zhao Hai's command, but Zhao Hai pointed another group to start digging at the place he designated. hole, use soil magic to take out all the soil there, and then pile it to the location where he plans to build the dam.

The land in this valley is very good and suitable for farming, but there will be floods here, but what does it matter? As long as he digs out all the soil in the valley, builds a dam here, and drains the Once all the water is locked up and tamed, there is no need to worry about flooding anymore.

For Zhao Hai, this is really too simple. Although these people are all casual cultivators and do not have too advanced skills, they only need to know some simple skills and use these skills to build a dam. , there was still no problem, so Zhao Hai just asked everyone to do it.

The valley is divided into two halves by Zhao Hai. One half is used to build a reservoir to store water, while the other half can be used for farming. If it is suitable, after the water is stored in the reservoir, there will be a lot of fish, and Even in times of drought, you don’t have to worry about there being no water in the ground.

Although this is not a problem for Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai does not want to show his strength at this time, so he plans to build a reservoir so that he will have no problem. Under Zhao Hai's command, On the half of the ground where the reservoir was built, everyone used magic to dig out a big pit. All the soil was piled in the middle of the valley. Then Zhao Hai asked everyone to use magic to compact all the soil, turning it into a pit. An earthen wall.

Then the stones were transported and laid on the earth wall, so that a dam slowly appeared, and a water outlet was left on the dam so that the water could drain out. Of course, Zhao Hai could not have designed it. It is unrealistic to make a gate that is too sophisticated. Of course, if he uses a magic circle, he can easily do this, but Zhao Hai did not do this. He does not want people to know too much about him, so The dam he built is a very simple dam.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.