c7813 Shock

Although Zhao Hai noticed these two businesses, he did not expect that these two businesses would be so mysterious. Old Liu Tou didn't even know which force they belonged to. This was really unexpected. Zhao Hai's surprise also made Zhao Hai curious. He really wanted to know which force these two shops belonged to.

Old Liu Tou glanced at the two shops and said in a deep voice: "The major sects open shops here in Linyuan Town in order to earn some weird things, or for information. They actually have no idea how much money the shops here can earn. Shi, I don’t really care. Their main income does not depend on this place. In order to ensure the safety of their stores, they will engrave their store’s logo on the front of their stores so that no one dares to touch them easily. stores, but Ke Laixuan and Yun Lai, there are no signs in front of their stores, you should have noticed this, right?"

Zhao Hai nodded. He really discovered that there was no Ren Bao mark in front of the two shops, whether it was Ke Lai Xuan or Yun Lai. That's why Zhao Hai felt like this. It's strange. Normally, a store as big as this should have a backer, and they would also engrave the logo of their backer on the front of the store to prevent anyone from causing trouble. So Xiang Ke Lai Xuan and Yun Lai did this. It's a bit weird indeed.

Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai and continued: "Not only did they not have any marks, but they also never said what the backing of their store was, but all the people who dared to go to their two stores to cause trouble were all dead. Now in Here in Linyuan Town, no one dares to go to their two stores to cause trouble, but the people in those two stores have never said which force they belong to. Don't you think it's strange? ?”

When Zhao Hai heard what Old Liu Tou said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he also aimed at the two stores and said in a deep voice: "So, those two stores are really mysterious, but then Kelai Xuan is a good place for Lanka." Zhao Hai had a good impression of Kelai Xuan store, and he really didn't want to doubt Kelai Xuan store.

Old Liu Tou's face became more solemn, and he said in a deep voice: "You are right, whether it is Ke Laixuan or that Yun Lai store, both of their stores are very good to Lanka. But this is what I doubt. Neither Lanka’s father nor Zhang Yi has any friendship with those two stores, but the people in those two stores are very good to Lanka. That’s pretty weird in itself, isn’t it?”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, his face could not help but become serious. He said in a deep voice: "This is indeed a bit weird, but I don't think they are hostile to Lanka. It seems that we should be careful in the future. It is good for them to take a little, lest they be deceived in their ways.”

Old Liu nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Except for their few shops, there are no people worth paying attention to in this town. I also know some of the people in other shops, and they are just They are just some old casual cultivators who can no longer work as casual cultivators, just like me, just hanging around here and waiting to die."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, but didn't say anything. Then he turned to look at Old Liu Tou and said: "Uncle Liu, there is one more thing that I am actually very curious about, that is, that guy with Qiu Wanqian, that guy suddenly He established a blood knife gang and was always preparing to deal with Lanka. Moreover, he didn't know where he got the news, saying that Lanka had a sect token on his body, so he wanted to get the sect token. , do you know about this?"

When Old Liu Tou heard what Zhao Hai said, his expression couldn't help but change. He looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Zong Token? Is there a Zong Token on Lanka? Is that what Qiu Wanqian said?" Old Liu Tou's tone was very bad. It could be seen that he was still very shocked by the news.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, that's what he said. He said that Lanka has a sect token on his body. He is not doing it for the sword on Lanka, but for the sect token on Lanka." Sect Token, he thought I was also after the Sect Token on Lanka, so he wanted to deal with me, but his skills were inferior and I killed him."

Old Liu Tou stared at Zhao Hai and said: "Aren't you doing it for the sect token on Lanka? Joining the sect will make you reach the sky in one step." When he said this, Old Liu Tou's eyes were fixed. It has never left Zhao Hai's body. Obviously, he cares very much about Zhao Hai's answer, and Zhao Hai has a feeling that if he doesn't answer well, this old Liu Tou will deal with him. It shows how much he cares about Lanka.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, shook his head and said: "To be honest, I really don't care about the sect's token. I have my own inheritance, which is the body cultivation inheritance, so I am not interested in the sect's inheritance. Moreover, I am used to the life of a casual cultivator. If I join a sect, then I will have to listen to others. I am not used to living like that, so I have never thought about joining that sect."

But Old Liu Tou still stared at Zhao Hai and said: "Just for this? If you join the sect, you will be protected by the sect. Have you really never thought about joining the sect? Then you accept Lanka as your Disciple, is it really just for his talent?" Old Liu Tou obviously didn't completely believe Zhao Hai's words, so he asked this question.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "As long as I don't offend anyone who is particularly powerful, then I still need the protection of the sect. There is no need at all. And I have to say that you still know too little about Lanka. You How do you think this kid could survive those few months without anyone taking care of him? His talent is very good, beyond your imagination. Let’s put it this way, Lanka is now because of taking a drug He cultivates treasures from heaven and earth, so he has his current ability. However, his ability is not omnipotent. His ability is most suitable for practicing physical training, and it is also a special physical training technique. , are completely different from the physical training techniques taught by those sects. If he were to join those sects, he would be ruined. But I happen to know that kind of physical training technique. It can be said that he is the most likely person in my life. I can’t find the most suitable successor. In this case, how could I not accept him as my disciple? The sect, haha, don’t we have a lot of geniuses that have been ruined in the hands of the sect?”

Old Liu Tou was silent. He knew that Zhao Hai was telling the truth. He knew exactly what the virtues of those sects were. If they found a genius, this genius was not suitable for practicing their sect's skills. , they will also take this genius into their own sect first, and then teach him some skills. Even if the genius does not practice it in the end, it doesn't matter. It is better than being accepted by another sect. It is good to become a strong man in that sect. There are countless geniuses who have been destroyed like this, so what Zhao Hai said is not wrong at all.

But the situation in Lanka is a bit special, so Old Liu Tou disagreed with Zhao Hai's statement, but he didn't think much about it. In his opinion, Zhao Hai might have been eliminated by that sect, so He has a grudge against those sects, and people like this will never join those sects, so he can rest assured.

Zhao Hai looked at Old Liu Tou and said with a smile: "Whether Lanka has the sect token on him or not, it actually doesn't matter to me. What I really care about is Qiu Wanqian's matter. Qiu Wanqian's matter." Where did Qian know that Ranka had the sect token? Where did he get the knife? I feel like all this is for Ranka, so I want to get it from you Ask here to see if there are any clues. Now it seems that you don’t know either, so forget it. Lanka is probably going to wake up soon. I have to go back, otherwise the kid can’t find me when he wakes up. If it’s not good, I’ll cry.”

Old Liu Tou didn't speak, just nodded. Zhao Hai stood up and said to Old Liu Tou: "By the way, you can sell these magic weapons. You don't have to give me the money. Just keep it. If you want to expand the store, you will definitely need money. The money I have now is enough to last for a while. Even if it is not enough, it doesn’t matter. I can go out and do tasks. Your store here must be built as soon as possible. Just expand it, I'm leaving." This time he really left. Before leaving, he kept all the ordinary magic weapons, but he took away the red soft knife. .

Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai's leaving figure, his eyes flashed, and murmured: "Did you see something? Otherwise, why would you tell me this? It seems that Linyuan Town is really Things are going to change." After saying that, he sighed softly and walked into the shop. After a while, he came to his small courtyard. He took out a jade slip and entered some content into it. Then he took out the teleportation array and teleported the jade slip.

It didn't take long for him to get a reply. After reading the reply, Lao Liutou sighed lightly. Without saying anything, he put away the teleportation array, returned to the shop, and sat in front of the shop door. It seems that the eyes of the people on the street are not focused. It is obvious that he is thinking about something embarrassing.

Of course, Zhao Hai paid attention to Old Liu Tou. When he saw Old Liu Tou spreading the news again, Zhao Hai couldn't help but reveal a smile. Then he smiled slightly and returned to Lanka's house. Lanka was still sleeping. Zhao Hai Hai glanced at Ranka and then returned to the yard. He still had things to do in the afternoon. He taught Ranka how to read and led the little black demon to practice. These are things he must do every day. So there are really a lot of things he has to do every day.

Not long after he sat in the yard, Ranka and the little black demon walked out of the house. There was still a trace of panic on Ranka's face, but after he saw Zhao Hai, he recovered. After returning to normal, he immediately ran to Zhao Hai and said to Zhao Hai: "Master."

Zhao Hai nodded and said with a smile: "Have you slept? If you have slept well, let's continue to learn to read. After learning for an hour, we will take the little black demon out. Today we are not just going to let the little black demon The black demon is practicing his magic, and he has to hunt down some prey, so that we can not only let the little black demon practice, but also have some income, how about it?"