c7815 cat

The current situation of the little black demon is similar to the situation encountered by some very talented monks. Those very talented monks are very smart and can learn everything at once, but they also have a problem, that is, they After learning something, they no longer practice hard. In the end, they may have learned a thousand techniques, but there may not be one that can truly become their specialty.

And some stupid people, they only know a few kinds of magic, but they will keep practicing, and practice, and finally they will turn these ordinary magic into their unique skills. This is how some smart people, and The difference between some stupid people, and the little black demon can definitely be regarded as a top genius in the world of monsters and beasts.

Those monsters in the world of monsters and beasts only know one or two kinds of magic when they first start practicing, and these magics are their natal magics, and they don't know other magics either. They can only use their natal magic, so their natal magic will become stronger and stronger, and finally turn into a very terrifying killing move.

But the little black demon is different now. He has the space bead. He can learn many spells and master them as soon as he learns them. But then, the problem arises. He will also be like those smart ones. Just like monks, if they have learned a thousand kinds of magic, none of them may become their unique skill.

And Zhao Hai would not let the little black demon become like that, so he did not teach the little black demon new spells, but asked the little black demon to practice more of the spells he knew now, and use these spells. Once he has mastered the technique, he will learn other techniques very quickly in the future, and when using other techniques, he will also know how to bring out the maximum power of those techniques.

Zhao Hai followed Lanka forward with a calm face. As he walked forward, he taught Lanka how to know those plants. During this period, they even collected a lot of herbs, some of which were very precious. Those herbs were obviously untouched.

As soon as he saw this situation, Zhao Hai knew what was going on. Although Linyuan City is a place where casual cultivators gather, the casual cultivators here don't know much. They There is no way to learn more. Almost all the herbs they know now are very common herbs, and those herbs are not worth much, so no one comes to pick these precious herbs. .

Compared with casual cultivators and sect disciples, the gap is very huge. This gap is all-round. When sect disciples go out for trials, they can easily learn a lot of things. For example, which herbs are more precious? Yes, although those monsters look inconspicuous, they are very powerful in combat. The disciples of the sect can easily learn these things, because they are monks of the sect, and everything they have learned now is They are the seniors of their sect. After countless years of collection and sorting, what they finally summarized are all the most precious experiences.

However, casual cultivators do not have such conditions. They do not know that the herbal medicine is more precious, and they do not know that the monster beast is more powerful. In addition, even if some casual cultivators sum up something, they will Treating those things as secrets that are not passed down, and hiding them directly so that they will not be easily seen by others, all of this has caused a gap in the inheritance of casual cultivators to a certain extent.

This kind of situation, no matter which interface it is on, actually exists in various forms. Zhao Hai has no way to deal with this situation. It is very difficult to really be like the Blood Killing Sect. There are few, or even none. The Blood Killing Sect can achieve that level because they have Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai can provide them with enough materials so that they can practice without any worries, while other interfaces cannot It's impossible.

Materials provided by an interface are always limited. Those disciples of large sects want to use the best, so they will put the best things under the name of their own sect and let others know that those things belong to them. , in this way, other people will naturally not dare to move, and they will not be qualified to use those things.

Later, some medium-sized sects, if they can't use the best, will use inferior ones. Small sects will use even worse ones. There are also gangs, royal families, and nobles below, and the things that really fall into the hands of casual cultivators In fact, there are very few supplies, and the things they can use are all of the worst quality. Sometimes, they can't even use the worst quality. Otherwise, the blacksmith industry would not exist, let alone There will be no casual cultivators using broken magic weapons.

Of course, Zhao Hai wants to teach Lanka the most useful things. If Lanka wants to join the Blood Killing Sect in the future, he must lay a good foundation for Lanka now so that Lanka can join the Blood Killing Sect in the future. I understand, now Lanka is at the age of learning, so of course I have to teach Lanka something well.

The two of them walked forward for a while, and heard a few squeaking sounds above their heads, and then the sounds disappeared. Zhao Hai turned around and took a look, and found that they were not far in front of them. There, there was a squirrel-like thing. The thing was not very big, but its fur was very beautiful. But now the squirrel's head was completely frozen, and it was obviously dead.

As soon as he saw this situation, Zhao Hai knew that the little black demon's cry just now was to remind them that there was a prey he had killed here. Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile, and then asked Lanka to take that The prey was collected, but Lanka looked very happy. He had never thought about letting the little black demon go hunting before, but he did not expect that this time he caught two prey. Of course he was happy. .

In this way, the two of them walked forward, and from time to time they could pick up some monsters killed by the little black demon. In just over an hour, the little black demon actually killed eight prey, large and small. This number was already Quite a few, but the little black demon seemed to be having fun and had no intention of stopping.

Zhao Hai was not in a hurry when he arrived and just walked forward slowly. At the same time, he would also tell Lanka how they could live better in such a forest and what things they could use. , there is something that they cannot use. These things are all experienced, and they are also very important for a monk.

At this moment, Zhao Hai suddenly heard a rapid squeaking sound, and his expression couldn't help but change. Then he hugged Lanka in his arms, and then moved towards the sound. Flying in the direction, Zhao Hai's hearing is not comparable to that of ordinary people, and Lanka naturally cannot compare, so Zhao Hai heard the sound, but Lanka did not hear it.

Lanka was still a little confused, but he soon discovered the little black demon. Now the little black demon was confronting a very big cat. The fur on that cat was very beautiful and very long. There were two There are actually long hairs on the ears, which look like two horns.

Now the cat was lying down, with its mouth open, and roaring sounds coming from its mouth, while the little black demon was standing on a tree next to the cat, screaming and squeaking from its mouth. He was also baring his teeth, but there were a few blood stains on his body. It seemed that he had suffered a little loss in the fight just now.

The cat saw Zhao Hai and Lanka suddenly appeared, but he did not run away. He just looked at Zhao Hai and Lanka and lowered his body. As soon as the little black demon saw Zhao Hai and Lanka, Instead, there were bursts of screams, as if a bullied child was complaining to his parents.

Zhao Hai glanced around and already knew what was going on. That cat should be an ambush master. With the color of his fur, it would be difficult for ordinary people to spot him if he was really lying on the tree without moving. They, and the little black demon must have been too complacent because of the killing spree today, and did not notice the cat, so he was ambushed by the cat. Fortunately, he was smart and was not hit in the vital part, otherwise He is in danger.

Zhao Hai glanced at the little black demon and said with a smile: "Are you too proud that you didn't notice the existence of the enemy? Remember in the future, no matter when it comes, don't be too proud." After saying this, Zhao Hai waved his hand. , the cat's body suddenly swayed and fell directly from the tree.

After hearing Zhao Hai's words, the little black demon lowered his head, like a child who had done something wrong. However, when he heard the sound of the cat, he immediately looked over, and then saw that the cat had fallen. On the ground, he couldn't help but feel a little puzzled, but then Zhao Hai waved his hand, and the cat flew directly to Zhao Hai's hand. At this time, Lanka and the little black demon discovered that the demon had turned into An ice sculpture.

After giving the cat to Lanka and asking him to put it away, Zhao Hai waved to the little black demon. The little black demon immediately ran into Lanka's arms. Zhao Hai waved his hand and a ball of white light came out. It fell on the little black demon, and the wounds on the little black demon recovered immediately. It was impossible to tell that he had been injured before.

The little black demon's wounds were originally on his back. There were three wounds left by the cat's claws. Now they have completely recovered. This made Lanka, who was still a little heartbroken, just stay there. Then, Lanka's eyes immediately lit up. He turned to Zhao Hai and said, "Master, what kind of magic is this? Is it so magical? I want to learn it."

Zhao Hai looked at him, smiled slightly and said: "Don't worry, when you have time to learn in the future, now practice what I teach you well, let's go back." Lanka responded and followed Zhao Hai Walking back, Zhao Hai said to Lanka as he walked back: "Now that you are the little black demon, you will also have to undergo such training in the future. Did you hear what I just said about the little black demon?"

Lanka nodded, and Zhao Hai continued: "The little black demon was so proud of killing a lot of prey before that he lost his vigilance and did not find the cat. In the end, he was attacked by the cat. If it weren't for his fast speed, he would be in danger this time. So Lanka, you have to remember in the future. No matter what situation you encounter, you can't lose your vigilance. You should always pay attention to the changes around you and don't let it happen. The enemy has a chance, and only in this way can you ensure your own safety, and only in this way can you be considered a qualified monk."

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.