c7810 Drugged

As soon as Zhao Hai finished speaking, several people flashed out from a forest in front of Zhao Hai and the others. These people were all wearing gray warrior uniforms, but their faces were covered with a piece of black cloth. They all had something in their hands. Holding the magic weapon, each of them looked at Zhao Hai with only their eyes exposed. One of the leaders said: "Zhao Ying, we know that you have obtained a lot of good things from the Blood Knife Gang. As long as you hand over those things, we will be able to Let you go, otherwise, don’t blame us for being rude.”

When Zhao Hai heard what they said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "You are quite courageous. Look at your strength, compared to the Blood Knife Gang, it is still inferior. Who gave you the courage? Come and attack me?" Zhao Hai was really curious as to where these guys had the courage to attack him.

The leader of those people looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Zhao Ying, I know you are powerful, but we are not vegetarians. We are not those idiots from the Blood Knife Gang. They actually want to control the entire Linyuan Town. Linyuan Town The hidden dragons and crouching dragons here in Yuan Town are beyond their control. We just want to make a fortune silently, so we also have our own unique skills. You'd better hand over your things today. For the sake of Lanka, we still It’s okay not to embarrass you, otherwise, don’t blame us for being rude.”

Zhao Hai looked at the leader, suddenly smiled and said: "This is really interesting, I really want to know, what ability do you have, you can actually say such a thing as letting me go, and for the sake of it?" In terms of Lanka’s reputation, I really didn’t know that Lanka’s reputation could be so great.”

The leader looked at Zhao Hai, snorted coldly and said: "Lanka's father has always taken great care of the people in Linyuan Town. Although he is gone now, we can't bear to treat Lanka." We are only seeking money for the harm, as long as you hand over the things, then nothing will happen, otherwise, we will take action."

Zhao Hai looked at the leader, then he took a deep breath and said in a deep voice: "Why do you guys attack me? Is it just because of this drug? To be honest, this drug is really good , colorless and odorless, and it can be released so far, it is a good thing, but do you think you can fight with me just based on these things? Are you looking down on me too much?" Zhao Hai has already felt When they came out, just when the person was talking, a wave of drug drifted towards them. The drug was very powerful. It could stun a monster, let alone a monk, but To Zhao Hai, the drug was of no concern at all.

When the leader heard what Zhao Hai said, a look of shock flashed in his eyes, and he stammered: "You, you are okay? This is impossible, our Immortal Drunk is the highest-grade You are drugged, there is no way you will be fine." He looked really shocked and couldn't believe that Zhao Hai would be fine.

Zhao Hai looked at the leader, smiled slightly and said: "It turns out that this thing is called Shenxian Zui, which is a good name. Well, it smells like the liquid of a plant, and some other medicinal materials are added to it. The potency of the medicine is pretty good, but it’s far from enough to be used against me, so don’t waste your time.”

The leader took a deep breath. He was also a decisive person. He immediately put away the knife in his hand, and then saluted Zhao Hai and said: "In this case, I will thank Mr. Zhao Ying later." Sorry, sir, we don’t dare to disturb you. Let’s take our leave.” After saying that, he waved his hand, led the monks back, and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

Zhao Hai looked at the appearance of those people and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "He is a very sensible person, that's all, I won't trouble him anymore, Lanka, let's go." After saying that, Zhao Hai walked towards You, Zhao Hai had never felt murderous intent from those people before, so he was almost certain that those people were telling the truth. They really didn't want to deal with him. Otherwise, they would have dealt with him long ago and wouldn't have used poison. .

Lanka followed Zhao Hai, but said to Zhao Hai with some confusion: "Master, why don't we kill them? They want to steal our things, if we kill them and take their things, then Isn't it better?" In Lanka's mind, he can kill people just for food, not to mention, if someone comes to snatch his things, it will be more normal for him to kill people, so he is so confused. .

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "Of course there is no problem in killing them, but Lanka, you have to remember that sometimes killing people can't solve all the problems. Those people are indeed They came to rob us, but they retreated before they could hurt us, so we didn’t have to kill them, but if they don’t retreat after I said those words, they still come to attack us. , then I won’t be polite, I’ll just kill them.”

Lanka nodded in understanding. Zhao Hai looked at Lanka and said with a smile: "You will understand this later. Now you remember, if I am not by your side, if someone dares to rob you, If you want something, just kill him. There is no need to talk nonsense to them, because they want to rob a child like you, so they deserve to be killed." Although Zhao Hai didn't want Lanka to go too far. He is bloodthirsty, but he is also afraid that Lanka will become a soft-hearted person. If Lanka really stops attacking those who want to rob him because of what he said before, that is definitely not a good thing.

The two walked out of the woods and walked into the town. Although it was completely dark now, the town was very lively. There were many monks talking and laughing loudly there. They or a few of them gathered together. We were together, holding some food or drinks, and just sat on the roadside of the main street of the town, eating and drinking while talking and laughing, looking very happy.

There were also some monks, but they were sitting in some restaurants, eating and drinking, talking and laughing loudly, looking very proud. When Zhao Hai and Lanka entered the town, some people on both sides of the main street of the town, saw the two The people immediately became quiet. Their actions also made Lanka a little puzzled. He kept looking at the people on the roadside, but the people on the roadside all looked at Zhao Hai and Lanka. His expression was very complicated.

Zhao Hai ignored those people and led Lanka to a relatively large restaurant in the middle of the town. Here in Wanshan Realm, monks also need to eat. If they want to eat, of course they have to drink, so in Wanshan Realm, they have to drink. There is also wine here in the mountain world. Of course, the wine is good and bad. Of course these casual cultivators here cannot afford any good spiritual wine. What they drink is some of the worst spiritual wine. , such spiritual wine can already make them very happy.

Zhao Hai and Lanka walked into the restaurant. In the lobby on the first floor of the restaurant, the noisy sounds suddenly became quiet at that moment. Zhao Hai glanced at those people, some of whom did not know Zhao Hai's people were still asking people around him about Zhao Hai's origins. Zhao Hai didn't pay attention and led Lanka to sit down at a table.

As soon as the two sat down, a waiter ran over. He saluted Zhao Hai and then said to Zhao Hai: "My guest, I wonder what you want to eat?" It can be seen that the waiter He was also very careful. While talking, he looked at Zhao Hai's face carefully, looking a little uneasy.

Zhao Hai looked at the waiter and said with a smile: "What's there?" Zhao Hai could have gone back to cook his own food, but he wanted to know what the consumption level of the restaurant here was, so he brought Lanka over to have a taste. By the way, take a look at a spiritual stone and see what you can eat here.

Before the guy could say anything, Lanka said: "Master, the saber-toothed rabbit meat here is very delicious. I have eaten it before." He was sipping saliva as he spoke, obviously thinking of the saber-toothed rabbit. It was so delicious. It looked so cute, which made Zhao Hai also smile slightly.

Then Zhao Hai said to the waiter: "Then let's have a piece of saber-toothed rabbit meat. Is there anything else to eat?" Zhao Hai really wanted to know what the food here was. By ordering, You can also see the living standards of people here. These are necessary processes to understand Wanshan Realm.

The waiter immediately said: "Good objective, in addition to saber-toothed rabbit meat, which is a delicacy here, we also have clever bird meat. I wonder if you, sir, would like some wine? We have high-quality ice crystal wine here, which tastes very good." Okay, let’s bring some big meat buns to Lanka. Lanka also likes the meat buns we have here.”

When Zhao Hai heard what the guy said, he couldn't help but look at him with interest and said, "Oh? Did Lanka come here often before? You actually know what he likes to eat? This is really rare." When it came to Zhao Hai's sincere words, he really didn't expect that this guy would know what Lanka liked to eat.

The guy immediately smiled and said, "Yes, Lanka often came here before, but most of the time, he only ate some meat buns." It seemed that the guy really knew Lanka, and Lanka even pointed at the guy. He smiled and waved his hand. It seemed that if the guy wasn't talking to Zhao Hai, he would have been talking to the guy before.

Now after hearing what the guy said, Lanka said to Zhao Hai: "Uncle Xiao Shuan is very kind to me. Sometimes I come here just to eat a few meat buns, but he will also give me some meat to eat. Even the shopkeeper's uncle is very kind to me and will give me some meat from time to time." As Lanka said, he turned around and waved to the shopkeeper, but the shopkeeper smiled dryly at Lanka. Ka waved his hand, and then nodded awkwardly at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai also nodded to the shopkeeper, then turned to the boy named Xiao Shuan and said with a smile: "What's going on?" Zhao Hai knew very well that in a restaurant like this, it was impossible to be casual. It is human flesh to eat, because the meat of those monster beasts does not seem to be cheap. Otherwise, most of the monks’ tables on the first floor cannot be full of vegetarian dishes. Although he has almost guessed it, he still has to ask. Ask to make sure you know what you think.