c7811 bona fide

Xiao Shuan glanced around and found that although the people around him seemed to be joking and eating, their attention would still fall on them from time to time. He couldn't help but reveal a bitter smile on his face. Zhao Hai looked at Xiao Shuan glanced at it, then waved his hand and said, "You can say it with confidence. No one else can hear what we say here."

Xiao Shuan was startled, and then he looked at the people around him, only to find that those people were looking at them blankly, as if they had not heard what Zhao Hai said before, which made Xiao Shuan relax. After that, he saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Sir, please forgive me. We have known Mr. Lanka before our store, and he can be regarded as an acquaintance. Recently, a huge change has happened in Mr. Lanka's family. We all have They are some people who have little ability and have no way to help him, so they can only take more care of him in normal times. I don’t dare to hide it from you. The meat given to the young master is actually all the leftovers eaten by other people. , you also know that the price of the meat is really too expensive, and we can’t really give it to the young master for free, but it doesn’t matter if others eat the leftovers, so the meat that is usually given to the young master is all It was the leftovers eaten by others, please forgive me."

This result had been expected by Zhao Hai. When he heard what Xiao Shuanzi said, he was not angry. Instead, he smiled slightly and said: "Yes, you did a good job and you didn't lie to me. Okay, Go." When Xiao Shuanzi heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned for a moment, then saluted to Zhao Hai and said: "Thank you, sir." After saying that, he was about to leave, but Zhao Hai stopped him and said: "Hurry up and collect them. Serve me some dishes. In addition to the dishes you ordered before, here are some vegetables. Just watch them being served. There are six dishes in total. Here is a bottle of wine."

Xiao Shuanzi responded and then retreated. He used to call Zhao Hai guest officer, but now he changed his name to "sir". It can be seen that he was really scared by Zhao Hai before. Zhao Hai looked at He also smiled slightly. Of course he would not embarrass Xiao Shuanzi. What Xiao Shuanzi and the others did was actually a kind act. After all, if something like that happened to Lanka's family, Xiao Shuanzi and the others could give him some help. Lanka's meal was pretty good, so of course Zhao Hai wouldn't say anything.

Lanka didn't care about those, they were just some leftovers. He didn't think anything of it. He just remembered that the meat was very delicious, so he just sat there, waiting for the food to be served with a greedy look on his face. Zhao Hai looked at him He also smiled slightly and said nothing. Zhao Hai was actually very happy with his performance.

People actually need to have a grateful heart. When someone gave you a bite to eat when you were about to starve to death, you can't hate them just because that bite was someone else's leftovers. That's not okay. So Zhao Hai is actually very happy with Lanka's current performance.

Zhao Hai turned around and glanced at the people in the hotel lobby. Those who were paying attention to Zhao Hai and the others immediately turned their heads, either lowering their heads to eat, or pretending to be quiet and talking to the people next to them. No matter what they were saying, everyone seemed very nervous.

Zhao Hai glanced at those people and smiled slightly, then he waved his hand, and Xiao Shuanzi immediately came to Zhao Hai, saluted Zhao Hai and said, "Do you have any orders, sir?" Xiao Shuanzi was already taken by Zhao Hai. I was scared by the aura on my body before, so now I just call him Master Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai said with a smile: "I just disturbed these friends' enjoyment of drinking. Let's serve a pot of wine to each table. It's my treat and I want to apologize to everyone." After saying that, Zhao Hai sat there and looked towards the hall. The man held his fists and said with a smile on his face: "Everyone, my master and apprentice have disturbed your drinking pleasure, and I apologize to you."

What he said this time was not separated by the magic of partition, so what he said to Shuanzi was heard by everyone in the hall. When those people heard Zhao Hai's words, they were also shocked. They really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would do something like this and send a bottle of wine to every table. You must know that this wine is not a cheap thing. Even if it is not expensive, it is still a heartfelt thought. How can they Can you not be surprised.

Xiao Shuanzi responded immediately when he arrived, and then turned around to get a drink. However, everyone else stood up, saluted to Zhao Hai, and kept thanking him. Zhao Hai looked at everyone, He couldn't help but smile slightly, and clasped his fists at everyone, which naturally made them even happier.

After those people sat down, the atmosphere in the entire hall suddenly became much better. The chatter and laughter started again, and they all had smiles on their faces. In fact, these people are all old Jianghu, of course they are It was impossible to buy them off with just a jug of wine, but that jug of wine was a gesture of goodwill from Zhao Hai. He was very clear about this, so they were so happy.

Zhao Hai can be said to have become famous in one battle today. He defeated the Ancient Sword Gang and occupied the Blood Knife Gang in Linyuan Town. Although it had only been established for a few months, what those guys did made the people in Linyuan Town People are very dissatisfied. If the people in Linyuan Town had not lived under the control of the Gujian Gang before, it would be okay. They had lived in the relaxed environment of the Gujian Gang, and now they have been replaced by the Blood Knife Gang. Although the Blood Knife Gang said that they had not done anything treacherous or evil, their behavior was very different from that of the Ancient Sword Gang. Many shops paid them heavy tributes, and even they These casual cultivators will all be exploited by the Blood Knife Gang, and of course they will be dissatisfied.

As soon as Zhao Hai came to Linyuan Town, he directly wiped out the Blood Knife Gang. This was big news for the people in Linyuan Town, and of course it was also a good thing. However, for those who kept dropping the Blood Knife Gang, Helping Zhao Hai, they were also very wary. After all, Zhao Hai was also an outsider, so when Zhao Hai and Lanka entered the store, they all became quiet and seemed very unnatural.

Now that Zhao Hai has shown goodwill to them, this is definitely a good thing for them. Regardless of whether Zhao Hai will establish a gang here in Linyuan Town in the future, it will be of no benefit to befriend such a master. Yes, although what happened today is nothing, they will be able to have a nod with Zhao Hai in the future. A little friendship is better than no friendship at all, so they are all very happy.

After a while, Xiao Shuanzi brought the wine to each table. Those people seemed very happy. They all raised their glasses and saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai also gave them a fist at each time, and Xiao Shuanzi also gave them a fist. Lanka has been looking at Zhao Hai with a vague understanding. He doesn't understand why Zhao Hai does this.

But at this time, Xiao Shuanzi also brought the dishes they ordered. However, what was served first was only four vegetarian dishes, a few big buns, and of course, a bottle of wine. He turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Sir, the meat and dishes need to be cooked. It will take a while to be ready. Please wait a moment."

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Don't worry, just do it slowly. Lanka, let's eat. Don't eat too many buns. There will be meat in a while." After saying that, Zhao Hai poured a glass of wine into his own wine glass, and At this time, Lanka picked up a big meat bun and started eating it. Although he heard what Zhao Hai said, he did not put down the bun, but just nodded with his mouth bulging.

Zhao Hai looked at him and smiled slightly. Then he picked up the wine glass and stood up. He walked to the table next to him, raised his wine glass to the person on the table, and said to the person on the table with a smile: " I’m Zhao Ying, and I’d like to toast you all. I’ve offended you a lot about what happened just now. I used to thank you all for taking care of me when I was in town, and I also ask for your respect. How about having a drink?”

When those people heard what Zhao Hai said, they all immediately picked up their wine glasses and shouted at Zhao Hai. Then everyone drank a glass. After they all drank a glass, Zhao Hai went to toast to the next table. Everyone at the table came down to pay respects, and soon everyone in the hall was paying respects, and he became familiar with these people.

Then Zhao Hai returned to his table, and at this time, all the meat dishes were served. Lanka looked at the two meat dishes with bright eyes and started eating immediately. Zhao Hai watched Ranka couldn't help but smile slightly, looking at Ranka eating meat there.

This meal was very enjoyable. Although Lanka and Xiao Hei Yao were very small, they were very good eaters. They ate all the last two meat dishes, and there were only a few steamed buns left. Zhao Hai also only ate some side dishes. The taste of these side dishes turned out to be good, which was beyond Zhao Hai's expectation.

After eating, Zhao Hai directly settled the bill. There were three spirit stones in total. Among them, the two meat dishes cost the most spirit stones. Zhao Hai didn't care. Now he can tell how many spirit stones he wants. Of course, he didn't care about how many there were. He paid the bill, then gave the person in the store a fist, and then led Zhao Hai away.

After Zhao Hai and Lanka left, people in the store also began to talk about them. Speaking of which, all the casual cultivators who could eat in this store were doing well, and those who were not doing well were all. Just get something at random, either in your own yard or on both sides of the street, just find a place and start eating.

Speaking of which, Linyuan Town is really interesting. Many casual cultivators like to eat on both sides of the street when eating. I don’t know why. Zhao Hai didn’t care and led Lanka to Lanka. I walked into the yard of my home and soon returned to the yard of Lanka’s house.

After arriving in the yard of Lanka's house, Zhao Hai gave Ranka a bath directly, and then let Ranka go to rest. After Ranka went to bed, Zhao Hai sat in the yard and looked at the He wanted to see what other people's situation was like in other towns in the Real Illusion Post Forum.

Because today was the first day to arrive in those small towns, the disciples did not gain much and were still observing the situation in the small towns. Regarding this situation, Zhao Hai did not say anything. This is very normal. If Those disciples have gained a lot since they came up, so Zhao Hai would find it strange.

Zhao Hai didn't say anything more. He knew very well that he must give those disciples time and not rush them, otherwise something bad might happen. Don't be too anxious about doing things. If you are too anxious, it will be difficult for those disciples. It's not a good thing, so Zhao Hai once told those disciples not to worry, so he didn't say anything.