c7816 idea

Zhao Hai and his life seemed to have calmed down suddenly. He taught Lanka and trained the little black demon every day, and became more and more familiar with the people in the town. The people in the town also became more and more familiar with Zhao Hai and had already treated him As one of our own, but one thing is that no new gang has appeared in the town, because everyone knows that with such a master as Zhao Hai, even if a gang is established, it will be useless. If you really offend Zhao Hai, you might be destroyed at some point, so it’s better for everyone to be honest.

Zhao Hai has been here in Linyuan Town for half a month. He lives almost the same life every day. He seems to be a good master who is dedicated to teaching Lanka. This also makes the people in the town slowly accepted him, and now when he goes out to play in the town, many people in the town will say hello to him.

Of course, this is also related to the fact that Zhao Hai deliberately interacted with these people. Since they started training the little black demon, they would bring back some prey every day, and all the useful things on those prey would be sold, but some of the animal meat, he Instead of buying it for the hotel in the town, he would take it out from time to time and treat some people in the town to eat meat. This also made the people in the town have a better and better impression of Zhao Hai.

Although the town is full of rogue cultivators, and these rogue cultivators are not good people. They can kill, rob, and do anything, but when they are in the town, they are very honest. The town is like them. Their home is the only place where they can relax and rest. Of course they don't want to have to be wary of others all the time in the small town, so no one will cause trouble in the small town.

It is precisely because of this that they will show their gentle side when they are in the small town, and Zhao Hai has always been kind to others in the small town. Except for once fighting against Qiu Wanqian and them, he has always been there. He has never made a move with others. This situation is another reason why the people in the town accept him.

But no one knows that Zhao Hai will contact Shi Jin and the others every day to pay attention to Shi Jin and the others. Now Shi Jin and the others have taken action. Shi Jin and several other disciples have used various means to control several small towns, and The other disciples are also making preparations to start taking action.

It is really too easy for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to control others. They have too many ways to control others. They can use poison, magic circles, spells, curses, etc. to control others. Zhao Hai was also very clear about the practice of killing Blood Sect disciples, but he still asked those disciples to be careful not to arouse the suspicion of the locals.

Although it is only half a month old, Lanka's progress in the past half month has been very obvious. He has already learned a set of Spiritual Snake Silk Winding Fist, and he still practices it every day, mainly to improve his strength. He realized that Zhao Hai didn't teach him much, just let him learn the boxing style of Spiritual Snake Silk Fist.

But the little black demon goes out to hunt every day. These days, he has already made a lot of income from hunting. Everyone in the town knows this, so they all like the little black demon very much. Yes, I am even more envious of Zhao Hai and Lanka. I am envious of how I can’t get such a spiritual beast.

In addition to these things, another thing happened in the past half month, that is, Lao Liutou's grocery store unexpectedly expanded in size. He took over a yard next to it and expanded his own store directly. He also hired two assistants and sold more things. The business was even better.

However, this did not attract people's attention. After all, even if Old Liu Tou's store had expanded, it was not a big store in the town. It could only be regarded as a small store, so it naturally could not attract other people's attention. There are some things that make people in the town a little strange, because these days, Zhao Hai has actually done business with those big stores, and the people in those big stores are very polite to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai is very clear that he has now completely integrated into the town, and he can even be regarded as an iconic figure in the town. Regarding this situation, Zhao Hai is actually very happy to see it. Suddenly an idea came to him, an idea that would allow him to be recognized by everyone in the town, and even be appreciated by everyone.

So that day after he trained the little black demon and had dinner with Ranka at Kelaixuan, he went directly to Lao Liutou's shop and let Ranka and the little black demon play outside. He and Lao Liutou Sitting in the shop chatting. Now the area of ​​Lao Liutou's shop has become a lot larger. In addition, there are two assistants to help, so Lao Liutou is much more relaxed now. The two of them stood outside the store. Lao Liutou looked at Zhao Hai and said: "You've been having a very easy life recently, but why did you buy all those high-quality medicinal materials to those big stores? Don't you bring them to me?" Old Liu Tou has also discovered these days that although Zhao Hai is powerful, and He would never be merciful when it comes to violence, but in all seriousness, he was actually a very talkative person, so he became increasingly rude when talking to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Lao Liutou, smiled slightly and said: "I really want to sell it to you, but can you eat it? If you dare to eat those medicinal materials, those big stores will probably find you in trouble. , so you should just go about your small business with peace of mind, and don’t think about those things, so as not to get into any trouble."

Old Liu nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, "You came to me today. Do you have anything else to do? Tell me, what is it?" Old Liu knew that Zhao Hai still kept up with him. From a certain distance, it was impossible to tell how close he was to him. As for the two of them working together to expand the store, no one knew about it.

Zhao Hai looked at Old Liu Tou and said with a smile: "Uncle Liu, I came to see you today because I really have something to do. The yard in Lanka is quite large, and besides teaching Lanka every day, I also There is nothing else to do, and I also saw that there are a lot of children in the town. In some families, both couples have to go to work, and the children at home can only be looked after by people they know well. This is what I think. , I plan to use the yard of Lanka's house to open a small school. People in the town can put their children with me if they are willing. I can teach them to read and even guide them in practicing. Teach them some spells. Of course, I will also charge a certain fee, but I am not prepared to charge more. Each child only needs one spiritual stone per month. If those casual cultivators want to use them to get I can also provide them with three meals a day. I can’t say how good the food will be, but I can keep them full so that people in the town don’t have to worry about those children. No matter how troubled we are, we can also have an income, and Lanka also has a playmate, what do you think?"

When Old Liu Tou heard what Zhao Hai said, his eyes lit up, but he quickly frowned and said: "If this is really the case, it's not impossible, but can you earn spiritual stones by doing this? ? If a child has a spiritual stone, it will be enough for them to eat, right? If you do this, you may not be able to earn spiritual stones at all, and you may even lose some yourself. "

Zhao Hai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "I recently learned about the situation in the town. The prices in our town are actually a bit high, and there are many women in the town who usually do tasks. There are not many opportunities, and many people just stay at home to take care of their children every day, so what I mean is that outside the town, we will open up a piece of land so that those women can farm, and give them every month. Bring some income, and if all the children in the town come to study with me, they will have nothing to worry about. I also need some people to take care of the children, so that those women can also have some income. , I usually take my children to the woods to gain experience, collect herbs, and hunt. The income from these things must belong to me, so that I will also have some income, and the most important thing is that I do this, It’s not for making money, it’s just to find some companions for Lanka. These children have grown up with Lanka. When Lanka really grows up, these children will be his good friends, and he can definitely do it by then. Wouldn’t it be better to respond to a hundred calls?”

When Zhao Hai said this, Old Liu Tou's eyes lit up. He knew very well the meaning of Zhao Hai's words. Those things Zhao Hai said before were not attractive to him, but this last sentence was It impressed him. It would be great if Lanka could really respond to everything in the future.

Zhao Hai is paving the way for Lanka! When he thought of this, the way Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai couldn't help but change. He really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would think so far. Zhao Hai looked at Old Liu Tou and smiled slightly: " Our Linyuan Town can be said to be the town closest to the Endless Abyss. Although there are many casual cultivators in the town, many people have already settled here. They live by doing tasks, but this is ours after all. The town is our home. Of course we want to build it better. If we can produce our own food, then we can save some spiritual stones, and our lives will get better and better. In this way, we It will develop slowly.”

Lao Liu nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "It is feasible, I think this matter is feasible. Many of those women used to go out to do tasks, but now because of their children, they cannot go out to do tasks. , so the life of some of them is not as good as before. If you can really do this, many people in the town will be willing to hand over their children to you."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I must let the people in the town know about this matter as soon as possible. Uncle Liu, under what circumstances do you think this can make the people in the town know in the shortest possible time?" Did you know about this within the time?" This is what Zhao Hai has always had a headache for. People in the town often say they go out to do tasks, but in fact they have nothing to do. They are more like taking risks. Herbalists, a collection of hunters, who see anything that can be sold for spiritual stones, get them all and exchange them for spiritual stones to maintain their own lives. This is the way of life in the small town.