c7812 test

Early the next morning, Zhao Hai got up early and woke up Lanka. Lanka had not developed the habit of sleeping in, so he got up as soon as Zhao Hai woke up. After Ranka got up, Zhao Hai started to follow him. Lanka practiced contortion techniques together, and after practicing for half an hour, he started cooking.

After breakfast, Zhao Hai guided Lanka to practice the Spiritual Snake Silk Fist. This time the practice lasted for two hours. After two hours, Zhao Hai led Lanka outside to eat some more. At lunch, when Zhao Hai led Lanka out this time, he could clearly feel that the attitude of the people in the town towards him had completely changed. Those people all greeted Zhao Hai with smiles. Zhao Hai also took it seriously, and he felt that the people in the town might have begun to accept him.

Zhao Hai also greeted those people, and then led Lanka to eat something. After eating, he led Lanka back to the yard and asked Lanka to go to bed. After Lanka fell asleep, , Zhao Hai came out of the yard, and after reaching the street, he came to Old Liu Tou's mixed shop.

When Old Liu Tou saw Zhao Hai coming, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then said to Zhao Hai: "What's the matter?" Although the words seemed to be unkind, he knew very well that Zhao Hai was definitely not simple. Not to mention that he was extremely powerful, and he also knew about Zhao Hai's performance in the hotel last night. To be honest, he had to say it was amazing. Zhao Hai's performance was really great. His actions like this, You can make the people in the town regard him as one of their own in the shortest possible time.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "It's okay, I just came to Uncle Liu to chat with you. By the way, there are several magic weapons here. Let me show you. These magic weapons are all in good condition. Only the one that won Knife, you need to take a good look at it, why do I feel that that knife is not simple?" As he said this, Zhao Hai took out all the complete magical weapons he got from the Blood Knife Gang.

Old Liu Tou glanced at the magic weapons that Zhao Hai took out. He just glanced at the other magic weapons and then put them aside. Then his eyes fell on the knife and he picked it up. He looked at the knife carefully, and then said in a deep voice: "These other magic weapons are all the most common magic weapons. I am afraid that not even the disciples of the sect can use those magic weapons, only casual cultivators can use them." , the materials are average, and there are no restrictions in it. It is a very common thing, but if you put it here, it can be worth some money. As for this knife, I can’t say that, because I am still the first for such a knife. See you for the first time."

Zhao Hai took the knife and looked at it. To be honest, he had seen this knife before. When he saw the blood-red long knife, he thought there was something special about it, or maybe He said that he thought this knife had something to do with the Blood Killing Sect, but in fact it was not the case. This knife had nothing to do with the Blood Killing Sect. It was just a blood-red soft knife. To be honest, there is nothing special about it, that is, this knife is very bloodthirsty, very sharp, and the material is better.

Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai looking at the knife and said in a deep voice: "What? Did you find anything?" He really didn't see the origin of this knife, but he always felt that Zhao Hai's origin It was also very mysterious, so he asked Zhao Hai like this just to see how Zhao Hai would answer.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "I can't tell, but what I can tell is that this knife is indeed a good knife, but I feel that this knife has a trace of magic, that's all, no matter how much, I’m not ready to buy these complete magic weapons yet, so I’m going to trouble you, Uncle Liu, today.”

Lao Liutou shook his head and said: "It's nothing troublesome. I can see that you are sincerely good to little Lanka. That kid is very happy now. This is the best, but you also need to know , It’s not easy to raise a child. You are also a casual cultivator, so you can’t just sit there and live in vain? Do you also want to go out and do something to increase your income? "

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "It seems that it is not necessary at the moment. I took care of the Blood Knife Gang this time, but I got a lot of things. I am not short of spiritual stones for a while, but you are right, I must find a way to make money now." You've got some money, Uncle Liu, what do you think, your store is still too small, I'll pay for it, you can expand the store, and if you make money in the future, how about I have a share?"

When Old Liu heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned for a moment, and then he couldn't help but smile and said: "Okay, I've got the idea for my old man. Boy, your plan is pretty good, but I don't want to Expand the store. This store is getting bigger and I can’t handle it alone. I think I’d better forget it.”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "The store is bigger, so you can collect people to help look after the store. When you get old, you can only be responsible for collecting money, and the money in this store , I am not using it for myself, I am preparing it for Lanka in the future. Although I am his master and can always take care of him, you also know that I am a casual cultivator. I will still go out to do tasks in the future, but this The mission, but no one can guarantee that it will be successful, but what if I fail? What if I die outside? Will Lanka still live the same life as before? Now I will help you expand the store and make your income more , if I really have an accident, then Lanka will also have some income every month, which can be enough for him to eat. He will not have to live like before, killing people and robbing money. Such a life It's not a long-term solution. If he continues to develop like that, this kid will be in danger. Sooner or later, he will meet a master. If he is not his opponent and is killed in the end, then everything will be over. ?"

When Old Liu Tou heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he took a deep look at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "I really didn't expect that. You are quite thoughtful. You have thought of all this. It seems that If you really like Lanka, it doesn’t matter. How many spiritual stones can you take out now? I’ll see if it’s enough. If it’s enough, I’ll expand the store and give you half of the income.”

Zhao Hai calculated it and said in a deep voice: "I can come up with two hundred spiritual stones now, and I don't need half of the income. Just give me two layers. What do you think?" The reason why Zhao Hai did this , it’s not just for the spirit stones. He has as many spirit stones as he wants now. Of course, he is excited to invest in Lao Liutou because of the spirit stones. The reason why he invests in Lao Liutou has always been for one purpose. , that is, to make Lao Liutou feel his goodwill, especially his goodwill towards Lanka.

Zhao Hai has always felt that Old Liu Tou is not a simple person, and he is particularly concerned about Lanka's affairs, so he has always felt that Old Liu Tou may have something to do with Lanka, and the reason why he did this this time Doing this is to tell Lao Liutou that he is sincere to Lanka.

Old Liu Tou glanced at Zhao Hai, then smiled slightly and said: "You are not greedy, okay, then I will accept your two hundred spirit stones and give you two levels of income. Come in and give me the spirit stones." , I will prepare a receipt for you." Zhao Hai didn't say anything and followed Old Liu Tou into the store. Then he took out two hundred spiritual stones and gave them to Old Liu Tou.

After Lao Liutou accepted the spirit stone, he took out a piece of animal skin, wrote a note on the animal skin, and gave the note to Zhao Hai. In fact, the note was very simple. It just said, Hold on People with this certificate can collect two levels of profit from Lao Liutou's grocery store every month, and they can recognize the certificate but not the person.

Old Liu Tou wrote this way because he wanted to see if Zhao Hai would bother Lanka with this word. He was actually a little worried about Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai glanced at the document and knew of course what Old Liu Tou meant, but he didn't say anything. He put the animal skin away with great satisfaction, and then followed Old Liu Tou to the shop again.

The place where Old Liu Tou lived was actually a small courtyard. He regarded the row of shops in front as shops, and the courtyard in the back was his residence. The two of them came to the shop in front and sat down together. , Zhao Hai glanced at the shop and said in a deep voice: "Uncle Liu, will you expand this shop?"

Old Liu nodded and said: "Yes, it is true that there was not much income before, so it was impossible to expand the shop. Now that we have these spiritual stones, we can take over the yard next to it and expand the shop." , but it can only be expanded to this big, and it won’t work in a big city.”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he turned to look at the big shops on the main street, then turned to Old Man Liu and said: "Uncle Liu, I just came to Yuan Town, those few What are the shops? You said you can’t expand the shop. Is it because of the few shops? "

Old Liu Tou glanced at Zhao Hai and said: "Yes, you are really an old Jianghu. You can tell it at a glance. Speaking of which, our Linyuan Town really does not belong to any sect. , it is precisely because of this that there are several powerful forces in this town. There are shops from Xuanjia Sect, Qingyang Sect, Iron Arm Sect, and Baishi Academy. Several sects have their own shops. They opened a shop here. Although they only sent one disciple in charge of these large sect shops, no one dared to provoke them. Of course, they did not provoke others, but if they were here in Linyuan Town , they will never agree to the emergence of forces that can threaten them. After all, the income of those shops is also very good. If other shops become bigger, their income will be less. Then those who manage this shop will The income of the disciples is also less, so they will not agree. But speaking of it, there are other shops, which are a bit strange. Did you see it? It’s that restaurant and the inn over there. These two The origin of the shop is a little weird."

This made Zhao Hai stunned. He looked at Old Liu Tou with some confusion and said, "Uncle Liu, what's so strange about those two shops?" One of the two shops that Old Liu Tou mentioned was the same one yesterday. The hotel where Zhao Hai and Xiaolanka went to eat in the evening was called Kelaixuan, and the other shop was an inn called Yunlai Inn. Both businesses were not small, so Zhao Hai naturally noticed it.