c7826 meet

When Hu Zhi heard what Old Liu Tou said, he couldn't help but slap his thigh hard and said in a deep voice: "Okay, great, why didn't I think of this method? Great, this move is really wonderful. .." Hu Zhi was really happy. He really felt that Zhao Hai's move was definitely a stroke of genius, that's why he seemed so happy.

Old Liu Tou smiled slightly and said: "I think what Zhao Ying is thinking is definitely not that simple. Now those children are studying with him, and the parents of those children naturally respect him very much, so it will change in the future. It's really hard to say what kind of situation he will have, but one thing is certain. People in the town now respect him. So, Huzi, I say the situation in the town is different now. I’m afraid I won’t be able to get any revenge if I come back this time.”

When Hu Zhi heard what Old Liu Tou said, he was slightly startled. Then he couldn't help but sigh softly, and then said to Old Liu Tou: "Uncle Liu, you have watched Lanka grow up since you were a child, so I won't follow you." You're welcome. What do you think of Zhao Yingren? He approached Lanka, but what's his purpose? If he really had any purpose, I would risk my life not to give up to Lanka, even if I risk my life to let Lanka Even if you hate me, I must get rid of that Zhao Ying."

Old Liu Tou thought for a while, then shook his head and said: "No, I think Zhao Hai has no other purpose towards Lanka, but really wants to treat Lanka as his disciple. Before Qiu Wanqian doesn't know who he heard from, saying that Lan Ka has a sect token on his body, and you can join the sect with that token. The reason why they dealt with you is that they didn't treat Lan easily afterwards. The reason why I got stuck was because I wanted to get that token."

When Hu Zhi heard what Old Liu Tou said, his expression couldn't help but change. He said solemnly: "Who said this? How come there is a sect token on Lanka's body? If he has a sect token, then Zhen Zhen joined those sects a long time ago, so why are he still here? The person who spread this news really has sinister intentions."

After Old Liu Tou said those words, he kept looking at Hu Zhi. Now when he heard what Hu Zhi said, his eyes relaxed slightly, and then he said: "I have used this matter to test Zhao Hai before. , but Zhao Hai showed great disdain. He seemed to be very disgusted with those sects. He didn't know why, but one thing was certain, that is, he really felt bad for those sects. There is no good impression, and he is definitely not approaching Lanka for the so-called sect token, you can rest assured of this."

When Hu Zhi heard what Old Liu Tou said, he also let out a sigh of relief, but a different look flashed in his eyes, but it quickly disappeared. Then he said to Old Liu Tou: " Uncle Liu, when will they come back? Is there anyone in our yard now?" Hu Zhi came back this time for revenge, but now he found that his enemy had been killed, and Xiao Lanka, whom he was the most half-hearted, , nothing happened, of course he was relieved.

Old Liu shook his head and said: "Your yard is empty and no one lives there. If you want to live in it, you can go back at any time. Lanka and the others have to come back before dark. If you wait here, you should be able to come back soon." I saw them, and now they have become a scene in the town."

Hu Zhi nodded, then he stood up and walked to the street. He opened his mouth and let out a whistle. Following this sound, several figures rushed in from outside the town. These people were all dressed in gray. The warrior uniform looks like that of an ordinary cultivator, but his expression is very tough.

After those people entered the town, they did not see the scene they thought they would see. They were all a little dazed, but they quickly gathered around Hu Zhi. Then a monk with a scar on his face said to Hu Zhi: "Brother, what's going on? What's the matter? Where are those guys? Aren't they in the town?" Of course he was talking about those people with Qiu Wanqian. They came to take revenge on those people this time, so now they saw Hu Zhi standing there alone, and The town was peaceful, and they felt very strange.

Hu Zhi said in a deep voice: "Things have changed. Qiu Wanqian and the others are all dead. We have nowhere to take revenge if we want to. Let's go. Let's go back to our house first. There should be no one living there." , I'll tell you what's going on when we get there, let's go." After saying that, he led the way to his house. Although the others were confused, they still followed him, and soon they returned to their own house. At the house, he passed the verification of the magic circle and entered the yard directly.

After they entered the yard, they found that the yard seemed to have been cleaned by someone. It was not very dirty, but seemed very quiet. This made those people even more confused. The scarred face looked unhappy. He looked at Hu Zhi with understanding and said: "Brother? What's going on? Didn't you say that Qiu Wanqian and the others are all dead? Who cleaned the yard? Could it be that someone else has taken over our yard?" At the end of the sentence, There was already a hint of chill in his tone.

Hu Zhi glanced at a few people and said in a deep voice: "Okay, stop thinking about it. It's okay. This courtyard was originally occupied by Qiu Wanqian and the others, but now Qiu Wanqian and the others are dead. This yard is cleaned by Lanka and the others, please come in and sit down, I will talk to you in detail." After speaking, Hu Zhi led everyone into the living room and sat down in the living room.

After everyone sat down, Hu Zhi told everyone what happened in the town recently. After telling everyone all the news he knew from Old Liu Tou, Hu Zhi said: "Now everyone knows. Well, Lanka is living a good life now, and there are people taking care of him. I don’t know who his master is, but what is certain is that his master is really good to Lanka, and that He is really good at being a good person. Uncle Liu is full of praise for him, but I am still a little uneasy about this matter. They heard that they would come back before dark, but when they came back, no one was there. I know, so let’s use this period of time to go out and inquire about the news and see what people in the town think of Zhao Hai, so that we can be mentally prepared when the time comes.”

Upon hearing what Hu Zhi said, everyone nodded. The person who spoke before said solemnly: "This person is really very suspicious. We must not let him do any harm to Lanka, otherwise we will I’m really sorry Brother Lan, I’m going to find out the news right away, I believe the people in the town will tell us the truth.”

Hu Zhi nodded and said in a deep voice: "As soon as possible, the changes in the town have made me feel a little strange. We need to get detailed information as soon as possible and make our own judgment. Moreover, Uncle Liu also said before He said something, he said that Zhao Ying seems to have no good impression of those sects, and even has a lot of hatred. Do you understand the meaning of this sentence? "

Upon hearing what Hu Zhi said, those people were all stunned, and then the scarred face's eyes lit up. He looked at Hu Zhi and said, "Brother, what do you mean?" He did not finish his words, but Hu Zhi obviously I also understood what he meant, so he nodded. When Scarface saw him nodding, he immediately said in a deep voice: "Okay, I understand. Let's get the news back first, and then contact Zhao Ying. See who he is.”

The other people all nodded, and then they all stood up, turned and left the room. They are confident. After all, they have controlled Linyuan Town for a long time. They know the people in the town very well, and they also have their own connections, so they still have the ability to inquire about information. Confidence.

Soon they came into contact with the people in the town. They got a lot of information from the people in the town. However, this information was actually similar to the information they got from Old Liu Tou. The people in the town They all spoke highly of Zhao Hai, which was really beyond their expectations.

When they told Hu Zhi the news, Hu Zhi was also stunned for a moment. No matter how well you do, you can't make everyone like you. But in the town, most of the comments about Zhao Hai They are all very good, and almost no one will say anything bad about him. Only some families with children will say a few sour words, but Hu Zhi can be sure that as long as they send their children to Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai will not Say no and they will immediately change their attitude.

Regarding this situation, Hu Zhi really didn't know what to say. To be honest, he was really curious about Zhao Hai. What kind of person he was? In a short period of time, people in the small town can recognize him and even think that he is a good person. This is really unreasonable.

Just when they were still discussing what kind of person Zhao Hai was, a man walked in quickly from outside the door and said to Hu Zhi: "Brother, they are back, I saw them." This person was Hu Zhi. Hu Zhi arranged for him to be in the alley, watching the situation outside. Now when he heard what he said, Hu Zhi immediately became energetic. He said in a deep voice: "Okay, just come back. Come on, let's go out and take a look. I'm really I am very curious about this Zhao Ying and want to know what kind of person this Zhao Ying is. Moreover, I haven’t seen Lanka for a long time. I don’t know what this kid has become now.” Everyone roared. He responded and followed Hu Zhi outside.

After a while, everyone arrived in front of the courtyard gate. As soon as they arrived in front of the courtyard gate, they heard a burst of laughter coming from the entrance of the alley. From this sound, they knew that the people who came were all children, and they were unique to children. The sound of laughter made people feel very happy, and Hu Zhi and others also had smiles on their faces.

Just when Hu Zhi walked out of the yard, there was silence outside, and then he heard a voice saying: "Uncle Beard, you are back." Following the voice, a figure rushed towards him. Coming over, Hu Zhi did not hide, but picked up the figure. At the same time, a burst of happy laughter burst out from his mouth, and Lanka also noticed a burst of excited shouts. It seemed that he was Really happy.