c7827 test

Zhao Hai looked at the two people who were laughing together. The older one and the younger one were laughing very heartily. Needless to say, Lanka had an expression of excitement on his face. It could be seen that he really Very happy. As for the man holding Lanka, he had never seen him before. This man was eight feet tall and drove fast, very strong, with messy hair and a big beard, which made him look like Like a strong lion.

He was wearing a gray samurai uniform. The samurai uniform looked very ordinary and even a little dirty, but when it was worn on him, it had an air of dignity and gave people a different feeling. His face also With a happy smile, when looking at Lanka, his eyes were full of tenderness, and the tough tenderness was even more touching.

Zhao Hai looked at the man with a smile. He already knew the identities of those men. That man should be Uncle Beard, whom Lanka had always missed, and the people following that man should be people from the Gujian Gang. Their gang was supposed to control the entire world. The people in Linyuan Town, and those people are now looking at Zhao Hai with a scrutinizing look.

Zhao Hai glanced at them, smiled at them, and nodded. He didn't know these people, but he still expressed his goodwill. However, those people didn't seem to buy it, and they still looked at Zhao Hai, but there wasn't necessarily much kindness in their eyes.

Zhao Hai didn't care. He knew that these people cared about Lanka very much. If an unidentified person appeared next to Lanka, they would definitely be nervous, so their current reaction was also very normal. Zhao Hai would not Because he was angry with Lanka, he didn't take these people's attitude towards him seriously.

Hu Zhi laughed for a while, then held Lanka in his arms, and then turned to look at Zhao Hai. His eyes were like lightning. He glanced at Zhao Hai a few times, and then said to Zhao Hai: "Are you Zhao Ying? Lanka's master?" His words were not kind, and he was obviously not very friendly to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai didn't care about his reaction, but smiled at him, then clasped his fists and said: "Zhao Ying has met you sir, I am Lanka's master, you are the uncle with the beard that Lanka calls you, right?" ?Lanka often mentioned you to me, and I am so lucky to see you today." Zhao Hai was very polite to this bearded man, because he was actually very optimistic about this person, and the strength of this bearded man did not matter. To put it simply, Zhao Hai admired him very much for his personality.

Why do you say that? It’s because this bearded person is really a good person. Ranka’s father was friends with him. They should have founded the Ancient Sword Gang together. But later, Ranka’s father passed away due to an accident. If this bearded person If he was not a good person, the relationship between Lanka and him would not be so good, but he has always taken care of Lanka, treated him as his own, and has always taken care of Lanka. This is very rare. A person like this , there is no problem with his character, so Zhao Hai still has a very good impression of Hu Zhi.

Zhao Hai's attitude also made Hu Zhi secretly nod. At this moment, he heard Lanka say loudly: "Master, this is my Uncle Beard. He is very kind to me. Uncle Beard, this is my master. He was so nice and taught me my skills." Lanka was a child. He didn't notice the atmosphere between Zhao Hai and Hu Zhi, but introduced the two of them in his own way. He didn't know how to There are too many words. I can only use the sentence "Okay" to describe my feelings.

Zhao Hai smiled at Lanka, then clasped his fists at Hu Zhi and said: "I have heard about it for a long time, so we don't want to stand here anymore. Let's go in. Children, go to the yard and play by yourself. In a moment, I will cook for you in a moment." The children responded, and then led by Niu Li, they walked to the yard of Lanka's house.

As soon as Lanka saw Niu Li and the others moving, he immediately started moving too. He struggled a few times in Hu Zhi's arms, ran out of Hu Zhi's arms, and then followed Niu Li and the others to his home. He walked into the yard, but when he entered, he still held Hu Zhi's hand. Hu Zhi didn't struggle and was pulled by him into the yard of Lanka's house.

The yard of the Lanka family is actually very big. There is actually a martial arts training ground in front of it. It is now very clean. After the children entered the yard, they all went to find their own places to play. Obviously, although those children I also know Hu Zhi and others, but I am still a little afraid of Hu Zhi and others.

Zhao Hai also entered the yard, glanced at the children, and smiled at Lanka and said: "Lanka, go play with them. I have something to say with your Uncle Beard." When Lanka heard Zhao Hai say this He said, responded obediently, and then went to play with Niu Li and the others, but Zhao Hai walked up to Hu Zhi, clasped his fists at Hu Zhi and said: "Mr. Hu, please come inside, let's go inside to talk. how?"

Hu Zhi took a deep look at Zhao Hai, then nodded, and then followed Zhao Hai into the room. Scarface and the others also followed in. Fortunately, this living room in Lanka's house had been specially designed before, so he walked in like this at once. Even if there are many people, it doesn't seem crowded, but some people need to stand.

Zhao Hai entered the living room and found a place to sit down. He did not sit at the main seat, because in that case, it would be as if this place was his own home. That would be very impolite, especially when facing Hu Zhi. It was even more so when they were there, so Zhao Hai was very polite and did not go to sit in the main seat.

Hu Zhi also noticed Zhao Hai's actions. He couldn't help but nodded secretly in his heart. He now understood why the people in the town liked Zhao Hai so much. Zhao Hai really did a good job in these details. Great, you will feel very comfortable getting along with him. For such a person, you really can't be angry with him.

However, Hu Zhi was not polite. He sat directly on the main seat. Scarface and the others also found a place to sit down. Those who did not have a seat stood there. Everyone's eyes were focused on Zhao Hai, but The eyes of these people are not very friendly.

Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai, and then said in a deep voice: "Who are you? What is the purpose of approaching Lanka?" Hu Zhi didn't like to beat around the bush, so he said it directly if he had anything to say. At the same time, he also wanted to see Let's see what kind of reaction Zhao Hai will have. He is really curious about Zhao Hai.

Looking at Hu Zhi's appearance, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile, and then said: "I'm just an ordinary casual cultivator. I didn't hang out here in Linyuan Town before. I happened to see Lanka in Linyuan Town before. The design was to rob others. I was originally planning to take action, but I didn't expect that Lanka actually took action by himself, killed a person, and took that person's space to prepare. I saw him take action. He must have never learned any martial arts. , People rely on their own instincts to act, but his talent is really great, so I thought of accepting him as a disciple and directly accepted him as a disciple."

Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Really? Why didn't I see how good Lanka's talent is? Lanka's talent is there, but it can only be regarded as average. It's not good enough for people to take a look. Are you thinking about recruiting disciples?" Hu Zhi does know Lanka very well. Although he heard Lao Liutou say before that Lanka is different now, but in the end is it the same? He really doesn't know. Yes, that's why he said this. He just wanted to see how Zhao Hai would answer.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "It seems that you still don't trust me, sir. In fact, there are some things you don't know. I still have some understanding of this matter. Lanka disappeared for a while, and you Because you have been putting all your thoughts on Danlanka, Qiu Wanqian took advantage of this opportunity to drive you out of Linyuan Town. What you don’t know is that the period when Xiaolanka disappeared was because He and the little black demon ate a fruit together, which caused his body to mutate, and the little black demon's body also mutated."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, and then said: "The little black demon has gained the ability to cast some simple spells. These spells seem to have become his talents. He can cast them at any time." After coming out, he can still learn, which makes his magic ability very strong. However, the ability obtained by Ranka is that he can stretch out a thin thread from his body. This thin thread is extremely tough and aggressive. He is very strong, and his speed has also become very fast. It is with this talent that he can kill those who want to rob him, and this is what I like about him. I am a Physical training, Lanka's talent in physical training is really great, especially after having this filament, his talent will be even better. I will never let go of such a good seedling. He passed, so I accepted him as my disciple."

"After I accepted Lanka as my disciple, I learned about his life experience. The child was so well-behaved that it was heartbreaking, so I just stayed here. I thought I should do something for this child, so I stayed here. Here in the town, as for the Qitu you mentioned, there really is no such thing. Qiu Wanqian said that Lanka has some sect tokens on her body. To be honest, I really have no interest in those things. So what if I have a sect token? I don’t want to join those sects, and I don’t want Ranka to join those sects, because if Ranka joins those sects, it will only destroy him. ”

Hu Zhi, who had been listening to Zhao Hai's words, couldn't help being slightly stunned when he heard what Zhao Hai said. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "What do you mean by this? Didn't you say that Lanka's talent is very good? Why do you say that? If you let Lanka join the sect, it will destroy him? What do you mean by this?"

Zhao Hai shook his head and sighed: "Lanka's talent is very good, but it depends on who it is for. For me, Lanka's talent is very good, but for others, his talent is very good. Talent is not always good. If Lanka joins some ordinary sects, he will only become an ordinary disciple. He may not even be able to compare with ordinary disciples, because he needs some special training methods. , otherwise his talent will be wasted, and if he joins a physical training sect, it will be even worse, he will probably go crazy and die, and there will be no achievements for him at all."

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.