c7822 ask

The two called Niu Li down. Niu Wen looked at Niu Li solemnly and said, "Xiao Li, please tell me carefully, what have your husbands told you these days? What have they taught you?" As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and glanced around, and then said in a deep voice: "Let's go home first. We'll talk when we get home." After saying that, he walked forward quickly, and Yao Yan followed up Niu Li and walked quickly. He walked forward, making Niu Li's head foggy.

The three of them soon arrived at a wooden house on the edge of the town. This wooden house was not very big, but it looked very beautiful. The three of them entered the wooden house. As soon as they entered the wooden house, there was a living room and kitchen space. It was very big, with just an Eight Immortals table inside, and a stove inside. Next to the stove, there was a cabinet with some bowls and chopsticks in it.

There are two doors on both sides of this room, and there are two bedrooms. One belongs to Niu Wen and Yao Yan, and the other belongs to Niu Li himself. Since no one has lived in the room for a few days, a bed was left behind. There was a layer of dust, but Niu Wen didn't care. He went directly to the bench next to the Eight Immortals table and sat down. Then he looked at Niu Li and said: "Xiao Li, tell me now, Mr. Zhao Ying has been telling you these days What have you done? Tell me carefully what you have done."

Niu Li looked at Niu Wen with some confusion and said: "Dad, sir, he didn't tell us anything. He just taught me how to practice the monkey stakes, and he also taught us how to farm, and taught us about some plants. By the way, he also Let me make you the deputy squad leader, and there will be nothing else besides these."

Niu Wen looked at Niu Li with some confusion, and then said: "Xiao Li, didn't Mr. Zhao Ying tell you that your skills cannot be seen by others? Or did you have to do it? Are you listening to someone or something like that?" What Niu Wen is most worried about is that Zhao Hai is the traitor to the sect. If that is really the case, then if others really come to trouble Zhao Hai in the future, Niu Li may Being implicated.

When Niu Li heard what he said, he couldn't help but shook his head in confusion and said: "No, sir, he didn't say this. I just told us to practice hard. He said that practicing Qigong is like sailing against the current. If you don't advance, you will retreat. So let’s practice carefully and practice hard.”

When Niu Wen heard what Niu Li said, he was stunned for a moment, because these words were really what a master said to his disciples. Niu Wen looked at Yao Yan with some confusion, and Yao Yan looked at Niu Wen He glanced at it and then said in a deep voice: "No matter who Mr. Zhao Ying is, I think this is an opportunity for Xiao Li. What Mr. Zhao Ying gave to Xiao Li is not something that ordinary people can compare with. If Xiao Li will If the practice is really successful, then his strength will definitely be stronger than you and me. In the future, he may have the opportunity to join that sect, and then a real monk will appear in our family."

When Niu Wen heard what Yao Yan said, he couldn't help but think deeply. Yao Yan was right. Why can't they, casual cultivators, join those sects? Firstly, it's because they don't have enough talent, and secondly, they don't have anything good. However, these people are not willing to be farmers all their lives, so they become casual monks. But now, in their lifetime, they may have no hope of becoming a real monk, but if they are awesome It would be great to be able to join the sect and become a real monk. This is also their lifelong hope.

In the eyes of Niu Wen and other casual cultivators, only by becoming disciples of the sect can they be considered a real monk. Casual cultivators cannot be regarded as real monks, so Niu Wen is really tempted. Although Zhao Hai's identity is now somewhat unknown, But what he taught seemed to be really good stuff. This was an opportunity, an opportunity for Niu Li to become a real monk.

When he thought of this, Niu Wen also let out a long sigh. Then he turned to Niu Li and said, "Okay, Xiao Li, it's okay. Go play. Your mother and I are going to clean up the room." Niu Wen also decided Okay, give it a try, if Niu Li can really succeed in learning in the future, then they will be dead even if they die.

When Niu Li saw that his father was no longer talking to him so seriously, he immediately felt relieved, and then he immediately said: "I also help my parents clean." After that, he ran to the cabinet next to him. He took out a basin and went to find a rag. What he did made Yao Yan extremely happy, and he quickly followed him.

Niu Wen looked at the mother and son, with a smile on his face, and followed him to clean up the room. While cleaning up the room, Yao Yan said to Niu Li: "Xiao Li, Mr. Zhao Ying has taught you all What? Are other people also practicing the Spiritual Monkey Stake?" Yao Yan was really curious as to whether Zhao Hai taught everyone the same thing.

Niu Li shook his head and said: "No, I am the only one who learns the Spiritual Monkey Stake. Lanka learns the Spiritual Snake Twist Boxing, which is a set of boxing techniques. Xiao Wu, Xiao Ling, Xiao Wei and Xiao Su A few of them were learning another kind of exercise, and I didn’t know what it was. Anyway, when they were practicing, they just sat there and didn’t move. The rest, Xiaolang and the others, just meditated there, and they also We have to ask them to do something with all their hearts in mind, which seems very boring."

Niu Wen and Yao Yan were stunned again. People like them, when practicing, are required to have their five hearts upturned. This is the basic requirement of most exercises. The Xiaolang and others that Niu Li mentioned are just like Niu Li. Those who went to study with Zhao Hai should be practicing a kind of Kung Fu, but I don’t know what the Kung Fu is like.

As for Xiaowu and the others that Niu Li mentioned, they just sat there during practice. This was a bit strange. It seemed like they didn't have their hearts set on the sky. Does that mean that for him, what they were practicing was not at all Is it not an ordinary skill, but another special skill? All these things were taught by Zhao Hai alone. So how many exercises does Zhao Hai know?

Niu Wen said calmly: "Besides these, has Mr. Zhao Ying taught you anything else?" Niu Wen became even more curious about Zhao Hai. He really wanted to know if Zhao Hai also taught Niu Li and the others. Other things, if he had taught Niu Li and the others other things, then he might be able to see something.

But he was soon disappointed. Niu Li shook his head and said: "No, apart from these things, Mr. has never taught us anything else. Mr. said that it is too early for us to learn other things now. We should Just learn what you have now, so he didn’t teach us too much.”

Niu Wen nodded, but Yao Yan was concerned about other questions at this time. He said to Niu Li: "Xiao Li, what do you practice every day and what are your plans? Can you tell me about it?" Yao Li? Yan is a mother, so he is more concerned about Niu Wen's living situation, so he asks this question.

Niu Li nodded and said: "We are very busy every day. We have morning classes when we get up in the morning. During the morning classes, the teacher will teach us a kind of exercise called contortion. However, the teacher said that it is not a exercise, just a A method that allows us to move our muscles and bones to make our body better and stronger. We have to practice this method every day. It takes about half an hour. Then we have breakfast. After breakfast, we have to practice What the teacher taught us before, I practiced the monkey stake. This kind of practice takes about two hours, and then the teacher will teach us how to read, which takes about an hour to learn, and then we have lunch. After lunch , we will take a nap for a while, and when we wake up, our husband will take us to Xiahong Valley, where we have cultivated a large area of ​​land. Today, our husband will take us to farm there, and we will have one the next day. Around the hour, we will use it to plow the land. After plowing the land, we will enter the woods under the leadership of our husband. The teacher will ask Lanka to teach us about some plants. We will pick some wild vegetables. If we encounter medicinal materials, we will also use them. The medicinal materials are collected, and the little black demon will go hunting in the woods. As long as we catch prey, we will sell part of the prey and the remaining meat will be eaten by us. We will stay in the woods for about an hour. We will go back to the town, finish everything, and then we will go back to the yard. The husband will let us play for a while, and then he will prepare dinner for us. By the way, the husband said, we will pick up the food after a while. Some medicinal materials, then the spiritual stones we get from selling the medicinal materials can buy a set of clothes for all of us."

Niu Wen was stunned and said with some confusion: "After you sell the medicinal materials you collect, will the spiritual stones you get belong to you? And can you eat meat every day?" Niu Wen really I didn't expect that Zhao Hai would be so kind to these children. If these children could eat meat every meal, it would really be better than living at home.

Niu Li nodded and said: "Yes, sir, we are still young and need to eat more meat when we are growing, so that we can grow strong. And sir, he also told us that in the future we will Everything grown there will be cooked for us to eat, and we will be able to eat what we grow ourselves in the future.”

Niu Wen and Yao Yan were both a little surprised. To be honest, they never thought that Zhao Hai would use this method to teach Niu Li and his children. These children seemed to be very busy every day, but they really learned When it comes to things, although things like farming and picking wild vegetables seem very inconspicuous and nothing remarkable, Niu Wen and Yao Yan are very clear that to do tasks in the wild, they need to survive well in the wild. In a few days, these skills are very important. Even if it is an inconspicuous farmland, it is still very important. At least Zhao Hai has given all the children an extra way out. If it really doesn't work, they can go Farming to support oneself.

At this time, Niu Li was talking happily. He said to Niu Wen and Yao Yan: "Father, mother, sir, you are really amazing. We saw with our own eyes that with just a wave of his hand, the ground became very flat." , and there is no plant that he doesn’t recognize in the woods. He knows what all the plants are and what their uses are. I really didn’t expect that there would be so many edible trees in the woods. , there are so many plants that are poisonous, he is really powerful."

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.