c7820 one day

They are all monks, so they naturally work very quickly. Although Niu Wen and the others are all monks at the lowest level, their physical strength is not comparable to that of ordinary people. In addition, they can also do various kinds of things. Magic, plus they all have space equipment, so they are naturally more relaxed.

In addition, Zhao Hai was there, so they moved faster. It only took a few hours to build a dam. Zhao Hai did not store water in the dam now because it was not ready yet. Time, anyway, is not in a hurry and can come slowly, so after building the dam, Zhao Hai led everyone to cultivate all the land in the other half of the valley.

After all this was done, it was already getting dark in the afternoon. Zhao Hai thanked everyone and led them back to the town. Then he invited everyone to the yard of Lanka's house and specially prepared some food. for everyone to eat, and of course, all the children also ate together.

Zhao Hai has been asking Lanka to take care of these children this day. Lanka's management is pretty good, but it seems that several of the children have also suffered a lot. They were all grinning during the meal. Obviously He was beaten by Lanka, but those parents would not care about this kind of thing. These boys run wild outside every day. As long as they are safe, they will not enter the woods at will and have a fight. That's so normal, no one cares about it.

After everyone had eaten, those guys went back to rest. They originally wanted to do the task today, but they didn't go to help Zhao Hai work today, but they were not worried about anything. They would go tomorrow. , this time they can go out for a few days, which is much better than before.

Those children stayed directly at Lanka's house and did not go home. After those guys left, Zhao Hai also began to interrogate them to see what they knew and what level they were at. At the same time, he also conducted tests on them. I wanted to see what they were best suited to learn.

The day went by like this. The parents set off early the next morning. Before they set off, they all came to Zhao Hai to say goodbye. Of course, the main reason was because they wanted to see their children. Before they arrived, At that time, Zhao Hai also told them that he would train these children according to their situation, hoping that the parents would support them.

Those parents didn't say anything. To be honest, they were very happy if someone could teach those children. Those parents were all casual cultivators, and they were all not very good casual cultivators. They knew the exercises. , all are some of the most common techniques, it can even be said that they are techniques that everyone in the entire Wanshan Realm knows, and the techniques they know are all some of the most common techniques, even if they teach them themselves , and can't teach anything. Zhao Hai is willing to teach, no matter what he teaches, they really won't have any objections.

Seeing that none of them had any objections, Zhao Hai was relieved. After sending those guys away, he returned to the room, called all the children, and then started to let them practice contortion techniques with Lanka. This set of exercises can be practiced by everyone, and practicing it will only benefit them without any harm. No matter which direction you develop in the future, this body bending technique will not do any harm to anyone, so Zhao Hai is like this.

After teaching those children the contortion technique for half an hour, Zhao Hai led the children to eat. He cooked today's meal himself. The food was not necessarily that good, but the children still ate it. It tastes very good, because what they eat at home may not be as good as here, so no one will be picky about food.

After those children had eaten enough, Zhao Hai began to teach those children other things. For some of the children, Zhao Hai asked them to start practicing mental power. The mental power of these children was stronger than others, so Zhao Hai taught them how to practice. Spiritual Power, and a few children, taught them the simplest exercises and asked them to start practicing. As for Niu Li, the exercises Zhao Hai taught him were a set of dynamic exercises.

In addition to the martial arts practiced in the world of cultivation, such as body cultivation, sword cultivation, or monks who specialize in magic, ordinary martial arts are also divided into static exercises and dynamic exercises. Silent exercises are the more traditional exercises. The method is to meditate and practice Qi. This is Jing Gong. This kind of Jing Gong is also a method used by various sects.

But Dong Gong is different. When practicing Qi, Dong Gong does not sit still. He needs to stand, and there are many differences between their stance and the boxing frame practiced by Lanka. Ka's boxing training is about strength and body. He uses this technique to stimulate his body and let the power in his body completely become his power and be used by him. However, Dong Gong is different. Dong Kung practices the stance technique. There are various stance techniques, such as the most common horse stance stance. The horse stance stance is the most common stance technique. Where did he come from? Its origin is from the cavalry. When the cavalry charges, they need to rely on horse power, and the horse stance is to let you use your own feet to use the power of the earth to make yourself Integrate the power into one, so that when you are right, you will be stronger.

There are actually two types of horse riding stakes. You must know that at the beginning, the cavalry did not have stirrups. When people marched on horses, they actually relied on the power of their legs to clamp on the horses. This Only in this way can you stabilize yourself, and this kind of horse stance is actually more advanced than the horse stance practiced by ordinary people. When practicing, at the very beginning, wooden stakes will be placed between the legs. For something like this, let the practitioner use his legs to clamp it hard, and eventually the wooden stake will be pulled down, but the force cannot be withdrawn. Only then can the horse stance be considered complete.

In addition to the horse-stepping pile, there are many pile techniques. Some pile techniques are specifically designed to train strength, such as the Hunyuan pile. When you practice, you have to imagine that you are holding a big stone ball. This will last for a long time. , your strength will naturally increase, and there is also natural pile, which is a relatively unpopular pile method. Its training method is very special, and it does not even have a certain posture, and what it allows you to increase is not just strength. Speed ​​depends on your perception, which is the so-called listening power. However, this pile method is also the most difficult pile method, so few people practice it.

Stance techniques like this actually belong to the scope of dynamic exercises, because when practicing these stance techniques, you need to coordinate with your own breathing to perform the exercises, and your body must exert force, so when you practice dynamic exercises, it is different from static exercises. In comparison, each has its own merits, but strictly speaking, it may be more difficult to perform Qigong.

What Zhao Hai is now teaching Niu Li to practice is the monkey pile. This is a pile method created to imitate the monkey. Therefore, when practicing the pile method, it is like a little monkey squatting there. Not only must Imitating the monkey, and thinking about the monkey's appearance in his mind, Zhao Hai even asked the little black demon to give Niu Li a demonstration. Although Niu Li was a little reluctant, he still practiced.

After the two-hour practice was completed, Zhao Hai taught them how to read for another hour, and then let them go to eat. After eating, Zhao Hai led them out of the town and went directly to Xiahong Valley. When he came out of the town, he prepared a small farm tool for everyone and even some seeds. There were really not many of these things in the town. There was only a small grocery store in the town. Yes, he bought this batch of goods, but he didn't buy any of them, because no one in the town knew how to use them. Now that Zhao Hai bought them, he was naturally very happy.

Zhao Hai took these things and led the children to Xiahong Valley and began to teach the children to farm. From the very beginning, he still asked the children to keep remembering what they had learned today and what they had learned. Those who practice the Dharma will keep reciting their own exercises, and those who learn the spiritual power cultivation methods will recite their own spiritual power cultivation methods. But people like Niu Li must remember that they are practicing the Spiritual Monkey Stake. time, the force used.

Although these children are in good physical condition, they are still children after all, so today they just started to take out some ridges in the field and did not do anything else, and Zhao Hai did not let these children work for a long time. After only working for about an hour, he led the children directly to the woods.

When he arrived in the woods, he began to ask Lanka to teach these children about various plants. This not only allowed Lanka to review what he had learned before, but also made these children feel a sense of admiration for Lanka. , so that it will be easier for Lanka to take care of these children in the future.

Of course, during this process, they will also pick some wild vegetables. If they encounter medicinal materials, it would be even better. They can pick them back directly and exchange them for some things. Of course, the main purpose of them entering the woods is to get some food. Hei Yao, little Hei Yao cannot let go of his daily training.

After training in the woods for another two hours, Zhao Hai led these children out of the woods and walked towards the town. Today they had a lot of harvest, including a lot of wild vegetables and more. Although the five prey were not very big, the meat of all these prey was cooked at night. I believe the taste will be very good.

As for the medicinal materials and useful things on the prey, he would buy them directly. However, Zhao Hai would not keep the spiritual stones he obtained. Instead, he would use all the spiritual stones on these children. People don't set up this school to make money at all, so naturally they won't hack the fruits of the children's labor for a few spiritual stones.

After all the things that could be sold were processed, Zhao Hai led the children back to the children, and then began to process all the meat of the prey, and then used a big pot to stew all the meat. Soon, the aroma of meat spread throughout the yard, and the children who were playing were all attracted by the smell.

Zhao Hai looked at them and didn't say anything. It's a child's nature to eat and have fun. He wouldn't care about it. As long as those children were very serious when practicing every day, he wouldn't. Regardless of whether these children are playing at other times, he even wants these children to play, so that these children will slowly integrate into a group.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.