c7828 join in

Zhao Hai's words were too serious, so when Hu Zhi heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned for a moment. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Didn't you say that you are a physical practitioner? Do you think that you are better than those physical practitioners?" Is cultivating a sect even more powerful? Will Ranka go crazy if he joins those sects? I really don’t understand.”

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "I am a physical practitioner, but my physical cultivation method is somewhat different from those of those sects. It can even be said that I am not following the same path, so Lanka practitioners The training method is the most suitable. If he is allowed to practice the physical training methods of those physical training sects, then he will be really in danger."

Hu Zhi snorted coldly and said: "You have said everything, but you haven't said anything yet about what is different about Lanka and why he goes crazy when he practices the physical training methods of other sects. I think Did you say all this yourself?" Hu Zhi really didn't believe what Zhao Hai said.

Zhao Hai glanced at Hu Zhi and then said in a deep voice: "Sir, you may not believe it, but what I said is all true. Lanka's talent is very good, but his talent lies in his body. Then A thin thread not only grew in his body, but also grew directly from his bones. It also penetrated his entire body and connected all the bones in his body together. This has the advantage of That is, his body will become very flexible and his movements will be faster, which is why he is very fast without learning any martial arts."

"But now here in Wanshan Realm, I think you should also be very clear about what the various body cultivation sects emphasize. What they emphasize is strength and defense. Let me put it this way, the current situation of Lanka is that he is A snake, but the exercises of the body cultivation sect can be learned by an elephant or a rhinoceros. Is it appropriate if you ask a snake to learn the exercises that an elephant or a rhinoceros can learn? Snakes are not He will turn into an elephant or a rhinoceros, and if he follows the example of an elephant or a rhinoceros, he will only die faster."

Hu Zhi frowned, looked at Zhao Hai and said, "What is that? Are you also a snake?" Of course he didn't mean that Zhao Hai was really a snake, he just followed Zhao Hai's words. At the same time, he I also understood what Zhao Hai meant. Ranka's talent lies in flexibility and speed, not strength and defense. Therefore, it would be inappropriate for Ranka to learn those physical training techniques of the sect. It suits him.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Almost, I really think I am a snake." After Zhao Hai waved his arm, his arm seemed to have no bones at once, just like a soft whip. He threw it out with a crackling sound, just like a whip being struck in the air.

Seeing Zhao Hai's actions, Hu Zhi couldn't help but raise his eyebrows. He looked at Zhao Hai and said, "I've never heard of you before. Where are you from? Where did you hang out before?" Zhi had already begun to explore the bottom. He had never trusted Zhao Hai very much, so he was not polite to Zhao Hai and directly asked his most half-hearted question.

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he quickly smiled and said: "I have been moving around in the past and have not settled down, so you said you want to hang out there. It's really hard to say. I can only say that I used to I’ve been hanging out on the shores of the Endless Abyss, and I really can’t say where it is.”

Hu Zhi was not overly suspicious when he arrived, because there were indeed many small towns along the coast of the Endless Abyss, some farther away from the Endless Abyss, some closer to the Endless Abyss, and there were indeed many casual cultivators. , they don't stay in one place for too long, so Zhao Hai's answer really doesn't have any problems.

However, Hu Zhi still looked at Zhao Hai and said: "I heard Uncle Liu say that you bought shares in his store and took in so many children because you wanted to create your own team for Lanka? Is that what you meant? ?" Hu Zhi now attaches great importance to this matter, and he wants to hear what Zhao Hai will say.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, I have said this, but I only said part of it. I bought a stake in Uncle Liu's store because I am afraid that something unexpected will happen to me in the future, and Lanka will not have any income. By that time , he will go out to rob again, and this matter will be dangerous, once or twice is enough. The more times, the danger will naturally come. If you walk too much at night, you will always encounter ghosts. I don’t want to Let him take risks before he has the ability to protect himself, so we made this arrangement."

At this point, he paused for a moment, and then continued: "As for recruiting those children to prepare a team for Lanka, I did have this intention at the beginning, but in fact, I also have another meaning, and that is We want to bring those children here, and then establish contact with their families, and finally unite their families into a whole. In this way, we will have our own power. Only in this way can I guarantee My and Lanka’s safety.”

When Hu Zhi heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned. He really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would actually say all these words. This was really beyond his expectation. In fact, When Old Liu Tou said that Zhao Hai accepted those children as disciples, he felt that Zhao Hai's purpose was not simple. He just wanted to ask before, but he didn't expect that Zhao Hai answered directly. This is really It surprised him.

Zhao Hai looked at Hu Zhi and smiled slightly: "To Linyuan Town, I am an outsider. If I immediately established my own power after killing Qiu Wanqian and the others, it would be absolutely impossible. It's impossible. It will arouse the resentment of the entire town. Then they may join forces to deal with me. I don't care, I just leave. But what about Lanka? He doesn't want to leave the town. Here, if I leave, I can only leave Lanka behind, and then he will live the same life as before, so I can't leave here. I must establish my own power here to ensure that I follow Lanka’s security, so I came up with this idea.”

Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "You seem to be very disgusted with Lanka joining those sects? Do you have any grudges with those sects?" Hu Zhi finally asked what he was most concerned about. A question, so he stared at Zhao Hai, wanting to see how Zhao Hai would answer.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "When it comes to revenge, there is really no hatred. For little bugs like me, those sects will not look at us. I just feel that the actions of those sects, It's just inappropriate. A sect controls an area, and then selects disciples from that area to join the sect. In some places, there are some children with very good talents, but because they are different from their sect's training methods, The difference is that they will not accept those children, and will even deliberately take those children into their own sects and then destroy them. This kind of practice is unacceptable to me. Why can those sects do this? ? Why do they rely on it? Isn’t it just their fists? So they are not a righteous existence. Joining those sects is not necessarily a good thing for a monk. In short, I will not join those sects. Sect, I will not let Lanka join those sects. It is absolutely impossible. If there is a chance, I will overthrow all those sects so that everyone in Wanshan Realm can learn those profound knowledge. Kung Fu.”

What Zhao Hai said was sincere, but if he didn't have the Blood Killing Sect, Xuanwu Space, or his own space, then he wouldn't have said these words, because he knew very well that if it really happened As he said, here in Wanshan Realm, all the profound skills are made public and everyone can learn them. In that case, the whole world will be in chaos, because people will find that when they practice, The needed supplies are simply not available, or are only in the hands of a few people. In this case, what will they do? Murder and robbery are inevitable. By then, the entire Wanshan world will be in chaos, so that won't work.

But he has the Blood Killing Sect, he has the Xuanwu Space, he also has his own space, and his supplies are almost endless. In this case, of course he can say such things, so what he said is full of confidence, It was obvious that Hu Zhi and the others fully agreed with his words.

A smile appeared on Hu Zhi's face, and then he nodded. Then he stood up, cupped his fists at Zhao Hai and said: "Sir, I was rude before, and there is nothing I can do about it. Sir, please don't take offense, please accept it." Hu Zhi bowed and thanked Mr. for taking care of Lanka during this period. To be honest, after hearing all the arrangements made by Mr., we were all extremely ashamed. We had been taking care of Lanka before, but we never It's not as far as Mr. thought, so that after our accident, Lanka actually had to find a way to get some food by ourselves. This is because we are sorry for Lanka." After saying that, he washed one at Zhao Hai Big gift.

Zhao Hai returned the gift heartily, then helped Hu Zhi up, and said in a deep voice: "Sir, you are too polite. I am the master of Lanka. This is what I should do. I know you may doubt my origin, but please Don’t worry, everyone, my feelings for Lanka are true, Lanka is really my favorite disciple, and I, Zhao Ying, can swear that everything I say is true."

Hu Zhi laughed loudly and said: "Of course we believe what you said, sir. I won't be polite to you, sir. You are Lanka's master, and we are also his relatives, so we are a family." , you should also know that we used to be members of the Ancient Sword Gang, and we have always controlled the entire town. Now that we are back, the Ancient Sword Gang will naturally be established at once. Sir, how about you join our Ancient Sword Gang? "

As soon as Zhao Hai heard what he said, he knew that the drama was coming, but he did not object, but smiled and said: "No problem, of course there is no problem. From today on, I will join the Ancient Sword Gang, please also You all should not dislike me." After saying this, Zhao Hai saluted everyone, and everyone returned the salute, making him look much more affectionate.