c7824 Return

When Niu Wen and Yao Yan heard that Zhao Hai was no longer talking about this matter, they all breathed a sigh of relief. When they heard Zhao Hai talking about farming, Niu Wen quickly said: "What did Mr. say? Mr. does this." , It’s too late for Yao Yan and I to be grateful. Mr. will be blamed. Mr.’s approach is very beneficial to Xiaoli. Yao Yan and I would like to thank Mr. again." After saying this, he hugged Zhao Hai again. .

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, waved his hands and said: "You two are welcome, the children will have normal training today. If you two want to stay here and watch, just stay and watch. If there is anything, go and get busy first. If you still need Niu Li to go home to rest at night, you can just come and pick him up at night. If you don’t need it, you don’t have to come over at night. I will arrange for him to rest, so please don’t worry.”

Niu Wen said quickly: "Thank you sir, we do have a lot of things to do today. After we have taken care of things, we will have two days of rest and set off again. Then we will be in trouble, sir. But we are here at home." In two days, I will pick up Xiaoli and go home to rest. During the day, I will bother you, sir." After saying that, he and Yao Yan both stood up and saluted Zhao Hai with fists in their hands, looking very sincere.

Zhao Hai quickly stood up and saluted the two of them: "You two are very polite. We will still have to deal with each other in the future. There is no need to be so polite." Then Niu Wen and Yao Yan said goodbye and left. Zhao Hai left the two of them. After delivering it to the door, he closed the door and returned to the yard, watching Ranka and the others practicing contortion techniques.

There were no problems with the training that day. Niu Wen and Yao Yan didn't show up either. Zhao Haida knew that. The two of them disposed of some of the things they got from this adventure in the town and bought some apps. After preparing some food, I returned home to rest.

These casual cultivators actually have no way to have a good rest when they venture out to do tasks. For those casual cultivators, when they come back from a risk, they must rest for a few days, and this rest time cannot be too long. Long, because they really can't earn too many spiritual stones. If the rest time is long, then they may really not even be able to eat.

In the following days, the parents of several other children also returned to the town one after another, and took all the other children home to stay for a few days. During the day, they could not feel anything. At night, the yard was actually empty, which made Zhao Hai and Lanka a little uncomfortable.

Zhao Hai had already thought about this situation, and he didn't say much. However, Lanka was not used to it. Every night, his mood was not very good. Fortunately, Zhao Hai was with him. He wasn't particularly sad when he arrived. Maybe it was because he had lived alone for a long time, which made Lanka a little afraid of being alone, so when Zhao Hai asked Niu Li and the others to study, Lanka was very happy. Now Niu As soon as Li and the others went home to live, Lanka became a little unhappy.

Zhao Hai has also communicated with the parents of those children these days, and just mentioned to them the matter of joint action. However, the results obtained were not very good. No one directly agreed to this matter, and some People responded with silence, and some just said they should think about it.

This situation was expected by Zhao Hai, so he didn't say anything special. If these people wanted to think about it, they could just think about it. He was not in a hurry anyway. Zhao Hai has been paying attention to the situation of other disciples these days. The development of those disciples is still very smooth. Some disciples have already mastered some small towns, and some disciples have just integrated into that small town. For this kind of Zhao Hai didn't say anything about the situation. He felt that the disciples who had now taken control of the town were a little too anxious. Zhao Hai had already told them not to be anxious, but he didn't say too much. , after all, he still has confidence in the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect.

When Niu Wen and the others left for adventure, Zhao Hai and the others' lives seemed to have returned to peace, but they were missing the aspect of farming, because in the past few days, their land had been completely planted. Of course, this was planted with the help of Niu Wen and the others, but Zhao Hai did not object.

Life has returned to its original state, and Zhao Hai has no intention of being anxious at all. Training those children every day and arranging their food and drink have become the whole life of Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai's actions naturally cause After attracting the attention of other people in the town, those people soon had some ideas. Some families who still had children at home came to Zhao Hai to ask if they could send their children over as well. Of course, Zhao Hai would not object and immediately agreed. Those guys really sent their children over. Now the school that Zhao Hai had created already had more than forty children, but Zhao Hai is busy enough.

Then Zhao Hai discovered that he would be too busy on his own, because these children also needed someone to take care of them. Then Zhao Hai directly hired two women from the town, both of whom were older. They are older, and because they were injured while going out for adventure when they were young, their health has not been very good these years. They can no longer go out for adventure and can only stay here. Life is naturally very difficult, but let them It was okay to come and help take care of those children, cook, wash clothes, etc., so Zhao Hai hired these two people at the price of five spiritual stones per month, which made the two women I am grateful to him.

Zhao Hai didn't say anything about this situation, but he later discovered that the people in the town were more polite to him. This was something Zhao Hai never expected. With those two women, Zhao Hai finally didn't have to be so busy anymore. At least he didn't have to cook for those children every day. The cooking was left to the two women.

Just like that, another ten days passed. What surprised Zhao Hai was that Niu Wen and the others went out for an adventure for a long time. Ten days had passed and they still hadn't come back. Zhao Hai was a little surprised. He really What I didn't expect was that Niu Wen and the others would be out for such a long time this time.

However, Zhao Hai did not show it. He found that Niu Li and the others were already in a bad mood. If he said anything more, it might make Niu Li and the others even more worried. By then, they would probably be even more worried. trouble, so Zhao Hai didn't say much and still arranged their training every day.

That afternoon, Zhao Hai led Niu Li and the others out of the town. Now that their number had increased, Zhao Hai took them farther away. Everyone in the town also knew about this. A little bit, so they didn’t express anything. They were used to Zhao Hai leading the children outside. Sometimes they even met people from the town outside the town. If that person was okay, they would escort them with Zhao Hai. These children, in case anything happens to them.

Generally speaking, Zhao Hai is very satisfied with the situation in the town. Although the people in the town may do everything outside, they perform very well in the town and treat the people in the town very well. , the attitude is also very good, this is what Zhao Hai is most satisfied with.

Not long after Zhao Hai and the others left, a person slowly walked into the town from outside the formation. When the people in the town saw the person who walked in, their expressions changed. Then they all exchanged glances, with a hint of unknown meaning in their eyes.

This man was very tall, eight feet away. He was dressed in a gray warrior uniform, with messy hair and a big beard. He looked like a very ferocious man. This man strode from the town. When Wai walked in, everyone who saw him on the road moved to both sides, and their expressions became very strange.

The man also saw the expressions of those people, and he felt a little strange. Then he looked around, and finally focused on a grocery store on the roadside. That grocery store was Lao Liutou's grocery store. Liu Tou was sitting in front of the grocery store. At this time, Old Liu Tou also saw the man, and his expression was also very strange.

The man was not polite and walked directly to Old Liu Tou. When he got in front of Old Liu Tou, he cupped his fists and said, "Uncle Liu, how have you always been? Long time no see. I miss you so much." "When he spoke, he was full of energy and his voice was like a bell, but he was also very polite.

Old Liu Tou also stood up, clasped his fists at the man and said, "Huzi, are you back? Are all the injuries on your body healed?" Old Liu Tou didn't seem to be calling him the right person. He just called him Huzi when he came up. This seemed to be He was very disrespectful to people, but the man didn't care at all. Instead, he laughed loudly and said, "I can't die, Uncle Liu. I want to ask you something. Has Xiao Lanka been back?" By the end, his voice had become a little low, and it was obvious that he did not have high hopes for his question.

In fact, this man is no one else, it is Lanka's Uncle Beard. This man's own surname is Hu, and his name is Hu Zhi, but because of his big beard, people call him Beard. Gradually, he His real name has been forgotten by everyone. No one knows what his real name is anymore. They all call him Huzi, but he doesn't care, so he just calls him like that.

Before Lanka disappeared, they searched everywhere for Lanka, and their control over Linyuan Town was reduced. Qiu Wanqian just happened to seize the opportunity and attacked them directly without any preparation. It was obvious that Qiu Wanqian also underestimated the strength of these people. Although Qiu Wanqian attacked them, he did not kill them. He just fought them back and let them leave the town. At that time, Hu Zhi was He was injured, but now his injury has obviously healed, and he is obviously back for revenge.

The most important reason why the people in the town looked at him strangely was that the situation in the town was different from before. Qiu Wanqian and the others had already been killed by Zhao Hai, and Hu Even if Hu Zhi and the others wanted to take revenge, it would probably be impossible. However, Lanka, whom Hu Zhi and the others cared about the most, had become Zhao Hai's disciple. I wonder what he would do when he heard the news. Reaction.