c7829 ask

When Hu Zhi heard that Zhao Hai agreed to join the Ancient Sword Gang, a smile appeared on his face. He then patted Zhao Hai hard on the shoulder and said: "Okay, Zhao Ying, then we will be our own people. I I won’t be polite to you anymore. There are no requirements for joining the Ancient Sword Sect. As long as we all agree with you to join and you are willing to join, then you are a member of the Ancient Sword Sect. I hope you can regard us as brothers in the future. We Of course, we will treat you as a brother. If you betray us, we will kill you. Even if we are not your opponent, we will try our best to kill you, or you will kill us all. , I just hope you can remember this. ."

Zhao Hai cupped his fists and said, "Yes, Gang Leader." Zhao Hai really didn't think about what he would do to the Ancient Sword Gang. Naturally, he didn't think about betraying the Ancient Sword Gang. He just wanted to make the Ancient Sword Gang better in the future. Of course, joining the Blood Killing Sect would only bring benefits to the Ancient Sword Gang, but no harm, but he couldn't say it now.

Hu Zhi nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, then you will be our brother, but this time you called me wrong. Don't call me gang leader, just call me big brother. Our Gujian Gang only has One gang leader is Lanka’s father, Brother Lanling. Since Brother Lan died, our Ancient Sword Gang has no leader anymore.”

Zhao Hai nodded, saluted to Hu Zhi and said, "Yes, brother, I understand." He was really touched. He didn't expect that people like Hu Zhi and the others would keep treating Lanka's father He was regarded as a gang leader, but until now, there was no new gang leader, which really surprised him.

Hu Zhi nodded, then smiled at Zhao Hai and said: "Let's go to the cafeteria and sit down. It's a big place and all the brothers can sit there. What do you think?" Although Hu Zhi still can't completely believe Zhao Hai. Hai, but his impression of Zhao Hai is really good, so he said this.

Zhao Hai quickly said: "Okay, of course there is no problem. We also caught some prey today. I also invited two women to cook for those children. There was a lot of prey today. In addition to cooking for those children, We can also keep some and let them cook them today. How about we have a good drink?"

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Hu Zhi was stunned at first, but then laughed loudly and said: "Okay, the scar is gone. Go get a drink and get more." The man with the scar on his face immediately responded. , turned around and ran out, Hu Zhi then laughed loudly and said: "Brother Zhao, you joined our Ancient Sword Gang today. It is a happy thing. You should really drink two more drinks."

Zhao Hai said with a smile: "I will deliver the prey to the two women and let them cook the food. Let the children eat first, and then we will have a good drink. Brother, please wait here. I'll come as soon as I go." After saying that, he stood up. Hu Zhi did not stop him, but nodded, indicating his agreement.

Zhao Hai arrived at the kitchen, and there were already two women there. They all seemed to be in their fifties, and they didn't seem to be in good spirits. However, they were very clean. Now when they saw Zhao Hai come in, , the two of them immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "I have met you, sir."

In the world of cultivation, the title "Sir" is not a title for officials, but a general name for some high-status people. It can also be a title for people you respect. In addition to "Sir", there are also people like Mr. , this kind of title is usually used to address people you respect more, but the title sir has changed a bit now. For example, if two people meet for the first time, they don’t know each other at all, but they need to deal with each other, like this Under such circumstances, you will usually call the other person sir, instead of calling the other person your lord first. When calling you lord, at least the two of you have known each other and have a certain relationship before you call them like this. So the two women He didn't call him Mr. Zhao Hai, but called him Sir.

Zhao Hai nodded, then waved his hand, took out some monster meat and some vegetables, and said to the two women: "Let's cook all these meats and vegetables. Let's cook the food for the children first. Let's just make some. I'm going to have a drink with my eldest brother and the others. After you finish the meal, ask the children to come and eat. Once our dishes are ready, we can go home. When we go back, we can bring some food back. Go and prepare it. ." The two women thanked them and immediately left with the meat and vegetables.

They are very satisfied with their current job, because not only can they work here, but they can also bring some food home every day so that their family members can also eat some. This is really important to them. It was so satisfying that both of them were very happy.

After Zhao Hai made arrangements, he came to the front yard. When he arrived in the front yard, he saw that Hu Zhi and the others were already playing with Lanka and the others. When he saw him coming out, Hu Zhi also waved to Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai slightly He smiled and walked over. As soon as Lanka saw Zhao Hai, he shouted to Zhao Hai: "Master, Uncle Beard is back. I am really happy. Master, will you and Uncle Beard become friends?" At this point, his little face already showed an uneasy look.

Although Lanka's Nianhuan is not big, he has lived by himself for such a long time and has become good at observing faces. He has seen before that the relationship between Hu Zhi and Zhao Hai does not seem to be very good, so he is very worried. , he was worried that there would be some conflict between these two people who were very kind to him and were regarded as relatives by him, which would make him very sad.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Don't worry, Lanka, I have a very good relationship with Brother Hu Zhi. We will be a family from now on." Zhao Hai knew what Lanka was thinking. He has not had a mother since he was a child. At such a young age, Losing his father again made Lanka more mature and sensitive than ordinary children, so Zhao Hai was not surprised at all that he could say such things.

When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately became happy. He jumped up excitedly and said loudly: "Is it true? That's great, Uncle Beard, is what Master said true? From now on we will Are we a family? You are also good friends? Right?" As he said this, he looked at Hu Zhi longingly.

Hu Zhi looked at Lanka's look and couldn't help but feel a little sour in his heart. He also knew Ranka's little thoughts, and this was the reason why he felt uncomfortable. He really hoped that Ranka could grow up happily, no. He hoped that Lanka would bear too much, so he immediately showed a smile, nodded at Lanka and said: "Yes, we are already good friends, we are a family."

Lanka cheered excitedly and did somersaults on the spot. Looking at him, Hu Zhi started to laugh, and Zhao Hai also started to laugh. After a while, Zhao Hai finally said: "Okay. Lanka, go play with Niu Li and the others. Wait until Aunt Wu calls you to eat. By the way, send all the herbs and animal skins you picked today to your Grandpa Liu. Add these things today. The crystal stones you got should be enough to buy a new set of clothes for each of you, go and tell your Grandpa Liu and ask your Grandpa Liu to prepare a new set of clothes for each of you, go ahead."

Lanka responded excitedly, then greeted Niu Li and the others, and then a group of children ran out cheering and disappeared in a blink of an eye, and the yard became quiet in an instant. Looking at the empty yard, Hu Zhi He couldn't help but sigh lightly, then he turned to Zhao Hai and smiled bitterly: "It seems that we really failed. In the past, Lanka was rarely so happy. Seeing him so happy I’m happy, I really feel that what I did before was really bad.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "From what I've heard, children are actually very easy to satisfy. I took them to play and randomly picked some herbs, which were all worthless things. After so long, I finally There is a spiritual stone and they are asked to change their clothes, and they are very happy. Forget it, big brother, there is no need to worry about them. They are still very safe in the small town, and at this time, they will definitely not He will run outside the town, and if he wants to go out, the people in the town will stop him, so there is no need to worry about them."

While he was talking, Scarface had already ran in from outside. He said to Hu Zhi: "Brother, I have bought the wine." Looking at him, he was also very excited, and so were the others. Obviously, these people They are all drunkards, very good drinkers, that's why they show such expressions.

Hu Zhi nodded, then turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, I won't be polite to you anymore. We can drink wine later, but brother, I have something to ask you now. Let's go." , let’s go into the house and say, don’t go to the canteen first, the children will have to eat there later, if we go, they may not eat well.”

Zhao Hai responded and followed Hu Zhi and the others into the room. He didn't know what Hu Zhi wanted to say to him. After entering the room, although everyone was still sitting and standing, they were much more casual. Hu Zhi was not polite and straight to the point, he said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, as for us, we can fight and kill." , although there is no way to compare with those disciples, they are still slightly famous around here, but when it comes to running a gang, they really don’t have that. Our previous methods of managing gangs were all based on Lan. We really don’t have the ability to keep Big Brother here, but I think you, brother, do things in a set way, and you seem to be very capable. Tell me, if our Ancient Sword Gang wants to develop, then we can What should I do when I get down?"

The people in the room really didn't expect that Hu Zhi would ask Zhao Hai this question. Zhao Hai also didn't expect that after all, he had just joined the Ancient Sword Gang, and now Hu Zhi asked him this question, which made him very happy. It was an unexpected surprise, but Zhao Hai thought about it and said: "Then it depends on how big you want the Ancient Sword Gang to be. If you want the Ancient Sword Gang to only control Linyuan Town, then of course. It's very simple. Now we can control Linyuan Town. Because of the previous foundation, the people in the town will not rebound. It can be done easily. If you, brother, want to make the Ancient Sword Gang bigger, then We have to use some means, otherwise it will definitely not be possible.”