c7823 test

When Niu Wen and Yao Yan heard what Niu Li said, they looked at each other. They were both a little unsure. In fact, they had heard Niu Li say so much before and always thought that Zhao Hai might be a disciple of that sect. , they hid here because of something, and they were even afraid of being implicated by Zhao Hai. .

But now when they heard what Niu Li said, they felt that it didn't seem like it. They had actually met the sect disciples. There was a sect disciple who came to Linyuan Town to see their sect's shop. That sect disciple It is said that the disciples are just outer disciples, but they are very impressive. They are dressed in gorgeous clothes and have extraordinary bearing. The most important thing is that they don't seem to know much about the woods, and they are not even willing to go close to the woods. How could a person like this know which plants in the woods are edible and which are poisonous? Is there something wrong with this?

Thinking of this, Niu Wen and Yao Yan began to doubt their previous thoughts. They were still not sure whether Zhao Hai was a disciple of the sect. If Zhao Hai was really a disciple of the sect, Then there is something really wrong with his current behavior, but if he is not a disciple of the sect, then how can he know so many things, many of which are not capable of being practiced by casual cultivators.

Although Niu Wen asked Niu Li a lot of things, Niu Li didn't say anything useful. After all, he was just a child, and he was just talking about their living conditions these days. Niu Wen and the others Only then did he find out that Zhao Hai was actually cooking for them these days, which made Niu Wendao even more certain that Zhao Hai could not be a disciple of the sect.

Niu Wen heard someone say that those sect disciples don't eat. They don't know how to eat. What they eat the most is something called Bigu Pill. Of course, the stronger sect disciples can't even eat these things. They don't know how to eat anything, so they usually just eat the wind and drink the dew. And with the status of those sect disciples, how could they cook for themselves? This is absolutely impossible, so Zhao Hai is not a disciple of the sect.

He's not a disciple of the sect. Where did he learn his skills? This is really weird. When he thought of this, Niu Wen couldn't help but feel more puzzled, but he felt relieved. If Zhao Hai was a disciple of the sect, it would be even more troublesome, because if Zhao Hai He is a disciple of the sect. Now that he is hiding here, it means that something must have happened to him. And if his enemies who are hiding here come to visit him one day, there will definitely be a big war. At that time, people like them may also be unlucky.

If he was not a disciple of the sect, it would be understandable for him to be here. In any case, this is an opportunity for Niu Li. He will not let Niu Li miss this opportunity. In the future, the Niu family Whether a person can make a difference depends on this time.

That night Niu Li had a meal at home. The meal was cooked by Yao Yan himself. Yao Yan and the others had not seen Niu Li for several days. They missed Niu Li very much and were heartbroken for Niu Li, so they also brought Niu Li with them. After getting some meat back, Niu Li was very happy to eat it, which made Niu Wen and Yao Yan also very happy.

For Niu Wen and Yao Yan, seeing Niu Li happy is also the happiest thing for them. Seeing Niu Li eating happily makes them happy too. After Niu Li had eaten, Niu Wen and Yao Yan asked Niu Li to go to rest early, and he and Yao Yan also returned to their rooms.

When they arrived in the room, Niu Li and Yao Yan sat opposite each other. Neither of them spoke for a while. After about a quarter of an hour, Niu Wen said in a deep voice: "For Xiao Li, what happened this time is a big deal." We must seize the opportunity, but Mr. Zhao Ying’s origin is too mysterious, which has always worried me.”

Yao Yan said in a deep voice: "Brother Wen, why don't you understand? Who are we? We are casual cultivators. Why are we divided into casual cultivators? Isn't it all because of the unwillingness in our hearts? After so many years , but we can only live without force, and there is no hope of pursuing the road to immortality at all. And this time, for us, it is definitely an opportunity. Mr. Zhao Ying has an extraordinary background, and what he knows is very good. More, what’s rare is that he is willing to teach these things to Xiaoli, so what else do we have to think about? Aren’t we casual cultivators just risking our lives for a better future? Xiaoli’s current situation is worse than ours. It’s much better, we are risking our lives to fight for a bite of food, but Xiaoli is really risking his life to fight for his future, it’s just a fight, there’s nothing to be afraid of.”

Hearing what Yao Yan said, Niu Wen couldn't help but be stunned, and then said: "You're right, I think too much, I care too much about Xiao Li, that's it, this matter is settled like this, let Xiao Li Let's continue to study with Mr. Zhao Ying. As for what will happen in the end, it depends on God's will."

Yao Yan said in a deep voice: "Tomorrow morning, let's go to Mr. Zhao Hai's place with Xiao Li. Anyway, Mr. Zhao Hai has taken good care of Xiao Li these days. We should thank him. ." Yao Yan is really grateful to Zhao Hai. Although Niu Licai has not studied with Zhao Hai for long, the changes are really obvious. It is precisely because of this that Yao Yan is even more grateful to Zhao Hai.

Niu Wen nodded. He felt that they should also thank Zhao Hai. Niu Li's changes were obvious to all. Under such circumstances, it would be unreasonable if they did not thank Zhao Hai. , so he also agreed to Yao Yan's suggestion and wanted to thank Zhao Hai properly.

Early the next morning, Niu Li got up early, which surprised Niu Wen and Yao Yan even more. Then they took Niu Li directly to Zhao Hai's place. When they arrived outside the yard of Lanka's house, Niu Wen came He stepped forward and knocked on the door. Zhao Hai immediately opened the courtyard door. As soon as he saw their family of three, Zhao Hai immediately smiled and said: "You two are here, come in quickly, Niu Li, you are late, hurry up" Go practice.”

Niu Li responded, not caring about his parents, and ran directly to the martial arts training ground and began to practice contortion. When practicing this contortion, the movements do not need to be too fast. On the contrary, the movements of contortion are In fact, it needs to be done slowly. The movements are very difficult to do, but they are very beautiful.

Niu Wen and Yao Yan took a look at the contortion technique and were attracted by it. Although they didn't know what this contortion technique was for, they felt that it seemed to be very powerful. This made Niu Wen Wen and Yao Yan were very surprised. Right here, they heard a slight cough and came to their senses immediately.

The one who made the sound was of course Zhao Hai. After Zhao Hai coughed lightly and attracted the attention of the two people, he smiled at them and said, "How about you two come into the room with me and sit down? Let Lanka lead you here. They can just practice." Zhao Hai felt that Niu Wen and his wife seemed to have something to say to him, so he spoke directly.

When Niu Wen and Yao Yan heard what Zhao Hai said, they thought that Zhao Hai was afraid that they would learn the bending technique. They must know that any kind of exercise is a secret that is not taught by others. If they learn it secretly without permission, If he did, it would lead to a life-and-death feud, which was a taboo in the world of cultivation, so Niu Wen and Yao Yan were a little embarrassed, and immediately responded and followed Zhao Hai into the room.

After the three of them arrived in the room, before they could sit down, Niu Wen and Yao Yan saluted Zhao Hai and said, "Thank you sir for your kindness. My husband and I are very grateful." These words were spoken by the two of them. It had been discussed long ago that they were really grateful to Zhao Hai, and today they made a special trip to express their gratitude.

Zhao Hai saw the actions of the two people and quickly smiled and said: "You two are too polite. This is what I should do. Please sit down, please." After that, he invited the two of them to sit down in the living room. In fact, there are not many things in the living room, just two chairs and a few small tables. After the three of them sat down, Zhao Hai was not polite and smiled at the two of them: "You two still have to go out recently. Do the task?"

Niu Wen nodded, then smiled bitterly, and said in a deep voice: "We are just some of the most ordinary casual cultivators. Although we are closer to the endless abyss, we don't have a good chance. The endless abyss There are many dangers there, and we don’t dare to go there easily. We can only make a living in the woods outside the town, and we can only survive without being forced, so we don’t dare to rest for too long, otherwise, we are afraid that I will be hungry."

Zhao Hai nodded, then sighed softly and said: "Yes, that's the case for casual cultivators. We all just want to survive. I don't know if you have ever thought about it. If you join forces, you may have greater benefits, and also It will minimize the risk." This is what Zhao Hai has thought about for a long time, and today he just wants to test Niu Wen and Yao Yan.

Zhao Hai's goal is to control the entire Linyuan Town. If he wants to control Linyuan Town, he cannot do it alone. He must have someone with him. Although Niu Wen and others are not very strong, they They are not the weakest group. The most important thing is that now Niu Li and the others are learning from him, so if he gathers Niu Wen and the others to his side, he does not have to worry about loyalty issues, so Zhao Hai's second step plan is to unite Niu Wen and others to his side in Guizhou Province, so that he can use these people to control the entire Linyuan Town.

When Niu Wen and Yao Yan heard what Zhao Hai said, they were both stunned. Then they looked at each other, but neither of them spoke. The two of them are not stupid. They have already heard it from Zhao Hai's words. Zhao Hai's words may have a deeper meaning. It is precisely because of this that they cannot agree easily, because if they really agree If you cross Zhao Hai, you will get on Zhao Hai's ship.

Zhao Hai glanced at the two of them and said with a smile: "I just said it casually. You two don't need to pay too much attention to it. There is one thing I want to tell you. I asked Niu Li and the others to plow the fields. I haven't told you two before, this is my own decision, so please don't take it personally." Zhao Hai knew what they were thinking as soon as he saw the two people's faces, so he dropped the topic directly. After taking it, he didn't say anything more, so as not to make everyone embarrassed. That would be bad and would be very detrimental to his future plans.