c7821 Confuse

Days passed day by day, and in the following five days, Zhao Hai kept teaching the children in this way, and during these five days, the children became accustomed to this kind of life pattern, and they even opened up all the land. , but they haven't been planted yet. Speaking of which, these children's physical condition is really good, and they can work so fast, which Zhao Hai did not expect.

And these days, because the little black demon goes out to hunt almost every day, they have meat to eat almost every day, so they are all very motivated to work. This is what Zhao Hai wants to see the most, and his approach, It also attracted the attention of some other people in the town. Some family members who did not originally send their children to Zhao Hai already wanted to send their children here.

That day, Zhao Hai and the others had just finished their morning practice. When the children were having lunch, Zhao Hai heard a knock on the door. He opened the door and saw that it was Niu Wen and Yao Yan standing outside. Both of them looked tired from their travels, and it looked like they had just come back.

Zhao Hai looked at them and was stunned for a moment, then said with a smile: "You two are back, come in and sit down. The children are eating, so you two can have something here." He said and let the two of them go. When they arrived at the yard, Niu Wen and Yao Yan also followed Zhao Hai into the yard. Because the place where the child ate was in the backyard, they did not see the child.

Zhao Hai smiled at the two of them and said: "The children are eating in the backyard. Let's go in." After saying that, he led the two of them to the backyard. In Zhao Hai's opinion, the two of them just returned to the town. Come to see Niu Li, he must have not eaten, so we can just eat something here together, it's not a big deal.

But Niu Wen and Yao Yan were a little embarrassed, so Niu Wen quickly said: "Thank you, Mr. Zhao Ying, there is no need to eat. There is really no need. We came just to see Xiaoli. After we see it, we will go back." ." He was indeed very embarrassed and handed the child over to Zhao Hai to take care of. Zhao Hai not only had to teach the child things, but also provide for their food and accommodation, and he only received one spar per month. This It was really too little. He himself felt a little embarrassed. If he ate here, he would feel even more embarrassed, so he refused.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "It's okay, I'm not in a hurry anyway, let's go in and have something to eat." After saying that, he led the two of them to the backyard. Niu Wen and Yao Yan couldn't help but refuse, so they led them The two of them walked straight to the backyard. After a while, the three of them arrived at the backyard and followed Zhao Hai to the canteen.

As soon as they entered the canteen, the two of them were stunned because they smelled a scent. They looked at the table and found that there was a large wooden basin on the table, and the wooden basin was filled with stewed animal meat. Polygonatum block, Polygonatum is something like potatoes. They are not the same thing as the medicinal material Polygonatum on earth.

At this time, the children all heard the sound and turned their heads to look over. When Niu Li saw that his parents were back, he couldn't help but cheered and rushed towards his parents, and was hugged by Yao Yan. Inside, Yao Yan hugged Niu Li and looked at her carefully. She found that Niu Li seemed to be doing very well, her face was flushed, and her body seemed to be stronger than before, and she was also very clean. She knew she was well taken care of, which made her even happier.

Zhao Hai looked at them and didn't stop him. He just asked Niu Wen and Yao Yan to sit down. The two of them thanked Zhao Hai and then sat down. Zhao Hai then pretended to them. A bowl of Polygonatum spp. stew, he also filled a bowl, then he smiled at the two of them and said: "You two are welcome, even if you eat it, it is not a good thing, even if you eat it well." After that, he started to eat, Niu Wen and Yao Yan were indeed hungry. They were both casual cultivators and very cheerful people, so they didn't show any politeness. They picked up their bowls and started eating in big gulps.

After dinner, Zhao Hai arranged for the children to wash dishes and clean the restaurant. These days, Zhao Hai is not only teaching these children skills, but also teaching them how to live independently. They still do some housework. They have to do it, so now everyone is doing housework in a decent manner.

Seeing Niu Li working there, Yao Yan couldn't help but sigh. A few days ago, when they left, Niu Li only played outside all day long and didn't know how to work at all. But now he She is already able to work. Although she is only doing some housework, she is doing well. She is really happy.

When she thought of this, she couldn't help but turned to Zhao Hai and said, "Thank you, Mr. Zhao Ying, for your trouble these past few days." She meant what she said. Niu Li was very naughty, and she knew this very well. Zhao Hai must have put a lot of thought into managing Niu Li to this level, and she was really grateful.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Sister-in-law Yao is so polite. Niu Li is actually very obedient. I have taught him some things these days and he has also studied very seriously. I am afraid Niu Li's achievements will not be too low in the future. "Niu Wen and Yao Yan didn't know how high of an achievement Zhao Hai meant when he said that the degree of achievement would not be too low, but they were still very happy.

Zhao Hai looked at the two of them and said: "You two, do you want to take Niu Li home to live today, or are you just here to see Niu Li and let him stay here at night? What if you two want to take Niu Li home? If you want to take him home, I will agree to it. I will give him a day off this afternoon and let him go back with you, but he must be brought back tomorrow morning. He cannot miss the daily training." Zhao Hai was very happy. It is clear that Niu Wen and Yao Yan have never been separated from their children before, especially Yao Yan. I am afraid that he has not been separated from Niu Li since Niu Li was born. It must be very difficult to be separated for such a long time this time. He wanted to have children, so he agreed to give Neng Niu Li a half-day leave so that Niu Li could reunite with Yao Yan and the others.

When Niu Wen and Yao Yan heard what Zhao Hai said, they couldn't help but look at each other. Then Yao Yan clasped her fists at Zhao Hai and said, "Thank you very much, sir. Please rest assured, sir. We will definitely send him back early yesterday morning." "." The two of them did not have any objection to Zhao Hai's approach. On the contrary, they were very grateful, which meant that Zhao Hai was serious and responsible for their children.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Okay, you two don't have to be so polite. Please sit down. I'll call Niu Li over and ask him to go back with you right away." Then Zhao Hai called Niu Li over and waited until Niu Li came over. Niu Li ran up to him, and then he said to Niu Li: "Niu Li, I will give you half a day's leave today. You can go back to your house with your father. Yesterday morning, you had to come back earlier. You can't miss it." It’s time for morning classes.”

Niu Li responded, and then walked up to Niu Wen and Yao Yan with excitement. Niu Wen and Yao Yan saluted Zhao Hai, then turned and left. Watching the three of them leave, Zhao Hai also had a look on his face. He smiled slightly, and then turned to look at the other children. Those children were a little absent-minded. Zhao Hai knew from their looks that they also missed their parents. He didn't say anything more, just let those children Go and rest, they will go farming in the afternoon.

Putting Zhao Hai aside, let's just talk about Niu Li. Niu Li followed his mother out of the yard of Lanka's house and walked directly to his home. As he walked home, Yao Yan said to Niu Li: "Xiao Li , what did Mr. Zhao Ying teach you? Is he good to you? Has he ever beaten you? "

Niu Li shook his head proudly and said: "No, sir, he was very kind to us and always praised me. He also made me the deputy squad leader and followed Lanka to manage others. What he taught me was There is a technique called Spiritual Monkey Post. This technique is very powerful. Although I have only practiced it for a few days, I can already feel the energy in my body, and I am much more flexible now than before."

When Niu Wen and Yao Yan heard what Niu Li said, they both looked at Niu Li with some confusion. Niu Wen even frowned and said: "Spiritual monkey pile? Is it a physical training method? Could it be that Mr. Zhao Ying thinks you Is it suitable to learn body cultivation techniques?" Niu Wen has been a casual cultivator for many years. Although his cultivation level is not very high, he still has some knowledge. He knows that generally only some physical cultivation practices will be used to practice pile techniques. Yes, now Zhao Hai is teaching Niu Li to practice the pile method. Is Niu Li suitable for physical training?

It's not that he thinks there's anything wrong with physical training, but that physical training is very difficult to practice. Of course, he still knows the power of physical training, but it's not easy to practice it well. The most important thing is talent. He really doesn't believe that Niu Li has the talent for physical training.

Niu Li shook his head and said: "No, what I practice is not the art of physical cultivation. My husband said that among us, only Lanka is suitable for the art of physical cultivation. None of us are suitable, but because my temperament is too extravagant. , if I practice ordinary exercises, I'm afraid I won't have any achievements, so he taught me the Spiritual Monkey Punch. He said that this kind of pile method is the most suitable for me. Dad, you see, I am very good now." After saying that, he came to the wall at the edge of the alley in two steps, and then he jumped up like a monkey. He stepped on the wall a few times and jumped directly onto the wall.

You must know that this wall is more than one foot high. For ordinary monks, it is nothing, but for a child like Niu Li who has never practiced before, such a wall is like It was like a mountain. Normally, it was impossible for him to climb over it, but now he climbed over it. This made Niu Wen and Yao Yan freeze there, staring blankly at the wall, looking very proud. of looking at their ox power.

It took a while for the two of them to react. Niu Wen and Yao Yan looked at each other and saw a trace of doubt in each other's eyes. They were not Niu Li who didn't understand anything. Their cultivation was not high. But after spending so long in the casual cultivating world, they still have some insights. It is definitely not ordinary for Niu Li, a child who has never practiced before, to have such abilities in a few days. To be able to do this, it must be a very superior technique, but how could Zhao Hai have such a superior technique? Isn't he also a casual cultivator? Why does he do this kind of technique? It seems a little unreasonable for a monk who knows such advanced skills to go to a small town like Linyuan Town and become a teacher instead of causing trouble outside?

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.