c7832 reason

All casual cultivators hope that their children can be stronger than themselves and live better than themselves, so they have always worked hard, but most people do not have the ability to make their children live better than themselves. , better than themselves, because they live at the bottom of the world, and it is really difficult to climb up. .

Zhao Hai and the others all nodded, and then Zhao Hai came out and said to the children: "Lanka, hurry up, gather everyone, and then go to the back to eat, go quickly." Lanka responded, and then Everyone gathered together and then led everyone to the canteen in the backyard.

Lanka did not go with them. They had learned to eat by themselves these days, so Zhao Hai didn't have to worry about it at all. Hu Zhi looked at them and smiled slightly, then turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, you taught these children very well. In the past, little Lanka almost became a wild child. None of us... Those who can teach him well are far behind you."

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "I just taught them some rules. If I don't let them know some rules, I can't control so many children. These little guys, you seem to be very honest. But in fact, if they make trouble, they will be more powerful than anyone else, so they have to be more strict."

Hu Zhi nodded, then looked at Zhao Hai's yard, and said in a deep voice: "Now it seems that this yard is a bit small. I think so, we will open up all our yards tomorrow. We all moved into one courtyard, and other places were freed up for these children, so that even if all the children in the town came here to go to school, there wouldn’t be any problems.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "This is the best. These children are the lifeblood of those people in the town. As long as these children are still in our hands, then the casual cultivators will always be on our side. They will not If there are any problems, of course, we are not taking these children as hostages. These children are the future of the entire town and the future of our gang. We must train them well."

Hu Zhi nodded and said in a deep voice: "You are right, these children are the future of our gang and must be well cultivated. Our town will definitely become stronger and stronger in the future. It will definitely happen." Hu Zhi said in a deep voice. When he said this, his tone was a little different. Although Zhao Hai could tell, he didn't ask any more questions.

After a while, Lanka and the others all had dinner. Zhao Hai asked them to play in the front yard. It was getting dark at this time. Zhao Hai asked them to play for a while and then go to bed. Lanka also agreed, and then Zhao Hai and the others We arrived at the cafeteria in the backyard. The cafeteria had been cleared out. After Zhao Hai and the others sat down, Aunt Wu and the others had already brought out the food and wine. Of course, they didn't need to bring the wine. What they brought up was just some. Vegetables, and the dishes are also very simple, there are only two kinds of dishes, one is vegetarian dishes, there are many kinds of vegetarian dishes, there are several kinds, but the preparation is very simple. Some of them are boiled with water, and then mixed and taken. When it came, some of it was mixed directly and served, but the meat and vegetables only had the same kind, which was put in a big basin and served.

Everyone was casual cultivators and not very particular, so serving the food was very simple. After bringing the food and other things, Zhao Hai asked Aunt Wu and the others to go back. After all, they wouldn't stay here at night, so he just let them It's time to go home. Aunt Wu and the others did not refuse, they all said goodbye and left.

After the two left, Scarface immediately took out a few jars of wine and put them on the ground. Then he picked up a jar, opened the mud seal, and poured it for everyone. The color of the wine was muddy, and It's not very pretty, but the wine here is like this, so Zhao Hai can't ask for more.

Hu Zhi picked up the wine bowl, raised it towards Zhao Hai, and then said loudly: "Brother Zhao Ying joined our Ancient Sword Sect today. This is good news for us. Come on, everyone has a drink and welcome Zhao Hai." Brother Shadow, from today on, he is our brother, do it!”

Everyone raised their wine bowls and shouted: "Dry!" They all touched Zhao Hai's wine bowl without saying anything, and drank the wine in the bowl in one gulp. They all Some casual cultivators may have pretty good strength, but they have not learned the elegance of those large sect disciples, and instead appear very heroic.

Zhao Hai also clinked the bowl with them, and then drank up the wine in the bowl in one gulp. After everyone put down the bowl, Hu Zhi couldn't help laughing, and then turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, what did you do before? The idea you came up with is really great. I feel that your idea will definitely come true. If your idea really comes true, then our Ancient Sword Gang will definitely become stronger and stronger, and our Linyuan Town will definitely become more and more powerful. The stronger we get, if we really get stronger, can we control more territory and make Linyuan Town bigger?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "That is inevitable. If we become stronger, then we will naturally expand, but making Linyuan Town bigger is not a good idea. Here in Linyuan Town, there is a very big The big disadvantage is that although we can go to the Endless Abyss from here, we cannot venture into the Endless Abyss. This will make us lose a lot of income, so I think it is better not to expand Linyuan Town. On the contrary, I think we can go to other towns to occupy a piece of land and spread out a branch church. In this way, not only will our territory become larger, but we can also occupy land and go to the endless abyss to make money. Wouldn’t this be better? "

When Hu Zhi heard what Zhao Hai said, his eyes couldn't help but shine. He was no longer in a hurry to drink. Instead, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Brother, please tell me carefully. What do you think? Tell me carefully." Hu Zhi was really interested in Zhao Hai's plan, because he was really eager to expand his territory.

The same goes for the others. They all stopped drinking and looked at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai looked at them and couldn't help but feel moved in his heart. However, he didn't ask any more questions, but said: "My thoughts are actually very important." Simple, as long as our strength is enough, we can directly attack other towns. First go to that town, open a branch church, and then connect some small towns like what we did here in Linyuan Town. There are not very strong casual cultivators in the town, so let’s develop together. After we win over enough people in that town, we can directly attack that town. When the time comes, we can cooperate internally and externally, and we can conquer that town in one fell swoop. Take it, as long as we are patient and take it step by step, then we will definitely be able to make the Ancient Sword Gang grow stronger step by step."

Hu Zhi and the others all had their eyes shining. Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai and laughed suddenly. Then he said to Scarface: "Scar, hurry up, pour the wine." The Scarface responded, and then directly He picked up the wine jar and poured a bowl of wine for everyone. After filling the wine bowls, Hu Zhi picked up the wine bowls at once, raised the wine bowls to his head, and then said loudly: "Brother Lan , Today our Gujian Gang has another brother, you can die in meditation." After saying that, he drank up the wine in the bowl in one gulp, and the others also followed suit and took away the wine bowls. He got up and drank the wine in the bowl. Zhao Hai did the same and drank the wine in the bowl in one gulp.

After everyone put down their wine bowls, Hu Zhi said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, from today on, you are our brother's, so I won't hide it from you anymore. In fact, Brother Lan is not going out to do a mission. He died at that time. He was killed by someone, and the identity of the person who killed him was mysterious. We suspected that he was a disciple of the sect because the other party was powerful. The most important thing is that the other party could also use the Dharma form. Brother Lan, who was attacking, killed Brother Lan. It is impossible for ordinary casual cultivators to have such strength, but the method used by the opponent was very strange. It turned out to be a dagger, and it was also a dark one. A dagger, a Dharma image like this should be very rare, but we have inquired about it, but we have not heard anything about it. We only heard that this matter seems to be related to an assassination organization, but what kind of organization is it specifically and who is in this organization? , but we don’t know what the situation is.”

Having said this, Hu Zhi's eyes shone with hatred, and he said in a deep voice: "Brother Lan is extremely heroic and values ​​loyalty. We all got to know him when he was making trouble everywhere." , he saved all of us, so we followed him until he met Lanka’s mother, our sister-in-law, and then he led us to Linyuan Town and settled here. He wanted to My sister-in-law and I spent the rest of our lives peacefully, and those of us naturally followed suit, because we also had a desire to retire. Later, we got an ancient sword here, which is when we got the ancient sword. On that day, my sister-in-law found out she was pregnant, so Brother Lan established the Ancient Sword Gang. He didn’t want to use the Ancient Sword Gang to make money, but he wanted to remember this day. Our Ancient Sword Gang has always been self-sufficient. , and did not accept anyone’s money, because Brother Lan said that although we are casual cultivators, we are not robbers. We can use our own hands to make our lives better, but unfortunately, in Lanka Not long after I was born, a group of people suddenly broke into the town. The group of people were all women. They were wearing uniform clothes and they should be from the same sect. They went directly to my sister-in-law and forced her to My sister-in-law was taken away. Originally, they wanted to kill Brother Lan, us, and even little Lanka, but the sister-in-law threatened with death, so they let us go. But that time, Brother Lan also suffered We were all seriously injured, and we almost died at the hands of those women. At that time, we found out that our sister-in-law turned out to be a disciple of the sect. When she met Brother Lan, she was out for a trial. When she was a child, she originally wanted to live a life like this with Brother Lan and never return to the sect. However, she did not expect that people from her sect still came to her door and took her back. It was also because Brother Lan was injured. He just died in the hands of that killer, otherwise, he might have escaped that disaster!"