c7834 Dumb fan

Hu Zhi took the long knife from Zhao Hai's hand and took a closer look at the long knife. This long knife was very beautifully made. The length reached three feet, three inches and three inches. The whole knife seemed to be one piece. Yes, the blade has a certain curvature and is very beautiful. Although there is not much decoration on it, anyone can tell at a glance that this is a good knife.

Such a knife should never appear in the hands of a casual cultivator, let alone a mixed cultivator who is not very strong and is not doing well as expected. If this knife is the most powerful one in the past, It is absolutely impossible that it is a relic from the battle between the Mountain Realm and the Shadow Clan. If it is really a relic from that time, then this knife should look very old. Any weapon will not be maintained without maintenance. Under any circumstances, it is impossible to withstand the erosion of time, but this knife does not look old. On the contrary, it looks very new and very beautiful, so this knife definitely cannot be an antique. He It is a newly refined magical weapon that is not many years old.

Normal sect disciples cannot afford to use Fa Shun like this, because the cost of a magical weapon like this must be very high, but Qiu Wanqian can afford it, so where did his sword come from? of? Isn't this very weird? They really didn't think about this before, but now that they think about it, this matter is indeed very weird.

Hu Zhi returned the knife to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai put the knife away and then said to Hu Zhi: "Brother, it is precisely because of this that I feel that this matter is a bit weird. I didn't know about Lanka's life experience before. I haven’t figured it out yet, but now that I know Lanka’s life experience, I suddenly understand it.”

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai did not continue, but looked at Hu Zhi. Hu Zhi also understood what Zhao Hai meant. He glanced at the other people and then said in a deep voice: "What do you think?" Hu Zhi is now He was really upset. His reason told him that what Zhao Hai said was probably true, but he really didn't want to believe it, because if this thing was true, it meant that , someone does want Lanka's life, and it is very likely that he is a member of the sect. If that is really the case, can they still protect Lanka? I’m afraid it’s unlikely!

No one spoke, everyone was silent. After a while, Scarface finally said: "Brother, I think what Brother Zhao Ying said makes sense. We really have to guard against this matter. I think otherwise, we will just start from How about retreating from Linyuan Town? Retreat to other towns, maybe it will be safer."

When Hu Zhi heard what Scarface said, he couldn't help but turn his head and glance at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai shook his head with a bitter smile and said, "I don't think it's good. It's easy for us to withdraw from Linyuan Town, but what about our future development? Other small towns do not have an environment like Linyuan Town. When we go to other small towns, we will have to compete with local snakes in other small towns for resources, which is not an easy task. By then, we will If you want to develop, it will be difficult.”

"Yes, if the other party knows that we are here in Linyuan Town and knows that he did not kill Lanka, will he keep monitoring us? If we leave Linyuan Town, will he attack us on the way? If In that case, if we leave Linyuan Town, it will only cause more trouble."

"Furthermore, there must be a reason why the opponent did not directly attack Linyuan Town and directly kill Lanka, or because they are not strong enough, but I think this possibility is very low. If the opponent can really release the Dharma If so, then we can't be opponents at all, so I don't believe that he is not strong enough. If it is not for this reason, it can only be another reason, that is, all their scruples, and what they scruple about is very It may be in the town, so they don't dare to attack the town directly and kill Lanka directly. They can only control Qiu Qianwan to deal with you, and then deal with Lanka. If this is really the case. , then if we leave Linyuan Town, we will only be in more danger, so I think we must not leave Linyuan Town."

Hu Zhi frowned and said: "You mean that there is a force here in Linyuan Town that has been protecting Lanka, and this force is so powerful that the other party does not dare to act rashly? Is that what you mean? ?" Hu Zhi was not a fool, so he immediately understood the meaning of Zhao Hai's words.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Yes, maybe it is not a force, maybe it is just a person, and he may not be very strong and does not have much ability to protect Lanka, but he can see with his own eyes. If he finds out that someone is attacking Lanka, he will tell Lanka’s mother about the attack on Lanka. At that time, Lanka’s mother will naturally know who is attacking Lanka, and she will definitely take revenge when the time comes. , but the other party did not want to bear the revenge of Lanka’s mother, so he did this, which is also possible.”

Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Brother, we are a team now. If you have any questions, just say it. Come on, tell me, what do you mean by this? Are you right?" What did you find?" Hu Zhi is definitely a smart man. He heard something else from Zhao Hai's words, and he said it directly without being polite.

Zhao Hai looked at Hu Zhi, smiled slightly and said: "Brother, I have actually arranged a retreat for Lanka, haven't I?" After saying this, Zhao Hai didn't say anything else, but looked at Hu Zhi glanced at it, then picked up the wine bowl and took a sip of wine, but Hu Zhi was confused by his words. He frowned and looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion, but did not immediately He just asked questions, but thought quietly. He felt that there was something in Zhao Hai's words.

After a while, Hu Zhi's eyes suddenly lit up. He glanced at Zhao Hai, but didn't say anything. Instead, he took a deep breath, and then said in a deep voice: "That's all, let's not talk about this. As long as little Lanka is fine, we will be fine." Okay, let's do as we said before, first take control of Linyuan Town. Let's have a good drink today, and we will all set off tomorrow. Brother Zhao Ying will stay to take care of those children. To persuade other people to join us and work with us is a very critical step, so everyone must work hard."

Everyone responded, but there was a look of dissatisfaction on their faces. They could understand what Zhao Hai and Hu Zhi were saying before, but when it came to the last sentence, they were a little confused, and Hu Zhiming Although they obviously understood, they didn't tell them, which made them very sad. They felt that Hu Zhi was looking down on them, or that Hu Zhi didn't trust them.

Of course they were not angry with Hu Zhi, but they were a little dissatisfied with Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai glanced at them but didn't say anything. He knew that these people might still be a little dissatisfied with him, but as long as Hu Zhi could understand, that would be fine. Now, he is still a little uneasy about these people. He wants to take a look at these people. He is worried that some of these people have been bribed. Only when he is sure that these people are all safe can he truly feel at ease. .

In fact, he told Hu Zhi about Old Liu Tou as a test. He just wanted to see if Hu Zhi was trustworthy. If Hu Zhi figured it out and something happened to Old Liu Tou, then Hu Zhi can no longer be trusted. Zhao Hai will not mind if he uses some means to make Hu Zhi and others die in accidents.

Zhao Hai is not a kind-hearted master. He knows very well that you must not be merciful to the traitors, otherwise you will be the unlucky one. Therefore, he has always been ruthless to traitors, because he can once If he betrays you, he can betray you a second time. He will never be polite to such a person.

After that, everyone stopped talking about these topics. They mainly talked about drinking. They were all good drinkers, so they were naturally very aggressive when they drank. They drank until midnight before going to rest. Zhao Hai Naturally, they went to Lanka's room, but Hu Zhi and the others returned to their courtyard.

As soon as they returned to their yard, Hu Zhi immediately called Scarface and the others into his room. After letting Scarface and the others sit down, Hu Zhi sighed softly and said in a deep voice: "Although I have already I thought very highly of Zhao Ying, but after what happened today, I realized that I still underestimated him, this person is amazing."

Scarface said with some dissatisfaction: "I admit that he is indeed very strong, but to be honest, brother, I really can't stand him. You look at him like that, as if he is so great. I really don't understand him." I don’t understand, what’s so great about him, especially in the end, he started a dumb relationship with us, what? Could it be that he can’t trust us?”

Hu Zhi glanced at Scarface and said solemnly: "It's no wonder he is so careful, because this matter is too important. He has already guessed who has been secretly protecting Lanka. Lanka Nothing has happened in the past few months since we left. He may have a major relationship with that person. Once the news leaks out, the consequences will be really unimaginable. If it were me, I would be very careful, but He still doesn’t know much about our brothers. We brothers have all experienced many lives and deaths with Brother Lan. Our feelings for Lanka are no less than his feelings for Lanka, so I am not worried about this, so I I can tell you now, but you must keep your mouth shut. If anyone dares to tell it, or if anyone dares to show any abnormality, see how I deal with him, especially you, Scarface, with your kid’s face Talking nonsense is the easiest way to cause trouble, and you are a person who can't hide things, so you must control your mouth, do you understand?"

When Scarface heard what Hu Zhi said, he was stunned at first, and then he responded in a dull voice: "Yes, brother, don't worry, I will definitely not tell anyone, and there will definitely be nothing unusual." Please tell me what Zhao Ying's last words mean. I'm really curious." Not just Scarface, everyone's face showed curiosity, because they also Not understanding the meaning of Zhao Hai's last words, everyone looked at Hu Zhi curiously, waiting for Hu Zhi to answer their questions.