c7836 financial power

When Hu Zhi heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but laugh. He nodded and said: "Okay, we will decide this matter ourselves, but you also tell me what you would do if it were you. , tell me carefully." Hu Zhi really wanted to hear Zhao Hai's opinion, because he found that Zhao Hai was very well-planned in everything he did, and was no more rough than bosses like them.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "If it were me, I would divide the area within ten days' journey around the town into more than a dozen areas. Each area will be similar in size, and it will also allow people from the town to go The collection lasts for several days. In this way, back and forth, after adding the collection time, almost a month has passed. In this way, we can collect area by area. After collecting a circle, in Start from the beginning, so that medicinal materials will grow in the area where we first collected them, and we will always have medicinal materials to collect."

"When collecting, don't forget to hunt. Of course, don't forget to save seeds. Whether it's medicinal materials or monsters, you must save appropriate seeds. Don't collect them all at once, and don't Kill all the monsters at once. In that case, we will really have nothing to collect in the future. Moreover, we can also collect all the spirit stones from everyone, go to those big stores, and buy a book on medicinal materials. The jade slips, we still know too few medicinal materials now, and there are many medicinal materials that we don’t recognize even if they are in front of us, which will affect our income, so we need those things."

Hu Zhi kept nodding after hearing this. What Zhao Hai said does make sense. If they really do what Zhao Hai said, then they will always have medicine. If they can really buy such jade. If it is simple, then they will know more herbal medicines and their income will increase.

Zhao Hai then said: "After we collect the medicinal materials for the first time, we are going to negotiate the price with those big stores. I don't believe that they dare to lower the price, but brother, I'm afraid I won't be able to go with you. , those children have to be taught by me, and they can’t be left alone at home. By the way, brother, I think we should have the whole town come together to have a meal together, and give everyone a little sweetness first, so that everyone can Believe in us even more, I know that everyone may not have many spiritual stones in their hands, there is no problem with this, we can deal with this." After speaking, Zhao Hai took out the blood-red long knife.

Zhao Hai glanced at the long knife, handed it to Hu Zhi, and then said: "Brother also knows that I am a physical practitioner. To be honest, this knife is not suitable for me to use, and I don't want to keep it. What's the use? I kept this knife and didn't sell it because it was good and I didn't lack spiritual stones. But when we were short of spiritual stones, this knife was worth a lot of spiritual stones. Yes, if we deal with him, then I will have enough funds for our early stage."

Hu Zhi took the long knife handed over by Zhao Hai, but sat there in a daze. After a while, he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, this knife is a good magic weapon, are you really willing to take it out? "He really didn't expect that Zhao Hai was going to deal with this knife directly. He was greedy for this knife, but Zhao Hai took it out without blinking an eyelid. This is indeed a bit strange. It was beyond his imagination. He never thought that Zhao Hai could do this.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "It's okay, I won't be able to use it anyway. By the way, brothers, if anyone can use it, just keep this knife. But if you keep this knife, I want to take out my magic weapon and dispose of it. I think this is the best. This knife is indeed good. If we keep it, we will have a good magic weapon. When dealing with an ordinary magic weapon, our start The funds are almost enough.”

Hu Zhi glanced at a few people, then handed the knife to the person next to him, and said in a deep voice: "Xiaojiu, please keep this knife, take your magic weapon for disposal, and go now." The man named Xiao Jiu was stunned for a moment, and then his face couldn't help but reveal a look of surprise. Then he hesitated a little. He glanced at Zhao Hai with some embarrassment, then turned to look at Hu Zhidao: "Brother , is this good? This knife..."

He wanted to say something else, but was blocked by Hu Zhi with a wave of his hand. Then Hu Zhi said: "Okay, needless to say, among us, your sword skills are the best, but your sword skills are the best." , it is indeed a bit ordinary. It would be too wasteful to dispose of this knife. Just keep it, dispose of your knife, exchange it for some spiritual stones, and then give all the spiritual stones to Brother Zhao Ying will handle it."

After saying that, he turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, from now on all the spiritual stones in the gang will be handled by you. We people don't care about money. Once the money is in our hands, we can spend it as much as we have. If we leave it to you, we will feel more at ease. You don't have to say anything anymore. It's settled." After saying that, he turned to Xiao Jiu and said: "Xiao Jiu, go quickly, we can handle it quickly. Come back." Xiao Jiu responded, stood up and turned to leave.

Zhao Hai quickly stopped Xiao Jiu and said in a deep voice: "Brother Xiao Jiu, after you change the magic weapon into a spiritual stone this time, just buy some things back. Among them, Yiren, you need to buy more, and Huang Jing, You also need to buy more, and if you have other grains, buy more, you don’t need too good things, just these two things will be enough.”

Xiao Jiu glanced at Hu Zhi, who said in a deep voice: "Go ahead. From now on, all the spiritual stones in the gang will be managed by Brother Zhao Ying. You can buy whatever he asks you to buy. Go quickly." Xiao Jiu Then he responded, then turned and left. He was actually very happy, because the blood knife was much stronger than the knife he used. With this blood knife, his combat effectiveness would be greatly increased.

Zhao Hai was very surprised by what Hu Zhi was doing now. He really didn't expect that Hu Zhi would directly hand over such great power to his hands. You have to know that Hu Zhi would It is equivalent to handing over all the financial power of the entire gang to Zhao Hai. This is indeed a big deal.

However, Zhao Hai did not refuse, but said in a deep voice: "Thank you, brother, please rest assured. I will manage the spiritual stones in the gang clearly, please rest assured." Of course, Zhao Hai looked down on these spiritual stones, but he Hu Zhi and the others must be made aware of his abilities, so it would be a good idea to take the financial power into their hands.

Hu Zhi patted Zhao Hai on the shoulder and said: "Okay, no need to say this, you should tell us what we are going to do next. I am talking about what we need to do right away." Hu Zhi is really He wanted to develop the Ancient Sword Gang as quickly as possible, so he paid great attention to Zhao Hai's words.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "The first thing we need to do is to build several canteens behind our current houses. If everyone comes here to eat in the future, then our current canteen area will definitely not be enough. Large ones, as well as tables and chairs, must also be prepared. We can make these things ourselves. In addition to these, there are people who cook. This must also be prepared, because so many people eat, if cooking If there are too few people, that’s absolutely not possible. That’s what we mainly do today.”

Hu Zhi nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Have you heard what Brother Zhao Ying said? Go and get ready." Everyone responded, and then everyone started to move. For monks like them, if they want It is really not difficult to build a house. They can go to the mountains outside to quarry stones. As for transporting the stones back and building them, it is even simpler. They can directly use the space to prepare the stones and transport them back, and then build them. Just hit it with rocks.

There is no professional engineering team here. Most of the houses in Linyuan Town were built by themselves. It is precisely because of this that there is never a shortage of people who can build houses. Of course, the houses here are also There is a foundation, but this is not a problem, because they can use magic to fix the foundation, so there is nothing to worry about.

Moreover, Hu Zhi and the others were not the only ones who took action on their own. There were many people here in Linyuan Town. Now that these people had agreed to work with them, they would naturally take advantage of them. Hu Zhi called them all Come over here and let's do it together, and it will naturally go much faster.

After a while, Xiao Jiu came back. As soon as he entered the house, he gave a space bag to Hu Zhi. Hu Zhi took the space bag and took a look. There were a lot of things in the space bag, including grain and Huang Jing. There are also a lot of clothes, and in addition to these, there are also some spiritual stones.

Hu Zhi just glanced at it, then gave the space bag to Zhao Hai, and said in a deep voice to Zhao Hai: "Brother, this will be under your control from now on." After saying that, he didn't care what Zhao Hai thought, and took it After everyone went to the backyard to lay the foundation, Zhao Hai took the space bag and took a look at the contents in the space bag, but smiled bitterly. There were enough things, but there was nothing good. To be honest, Zhao Hai didn't I can’t remember how many years I had only such a few supplies.

But he didn't say anything. He put away the space bag and went to the backyard. When he arrived in the backyard, Zhao Hai said directly to Hu Zhi: "Brother, when the people in the town arrive in a while, you can give each of them a set directly." clothes, and then told them to build a canteen here, and they can all come here to eat in the future. If they don’t like coming here to eat, they can also eat at their own home. We will not move their current property, but starting from tomorrow, we must We need to act in unity.”

After speaking, Zhao Hai gave the space bag to Hu Zhi again, and then said: "Brother, you will send the clothes to them soon, so that they can get some benefits, so that they will agree to cooperate with us." Zhao Hai knew that, Now if we give those people some sweetness, they will have more confidence in the Gujian Gang.

Hu Zhi nodded and said: "Okay, I will put away the clothes, and you can keep the food and spirit stones. I don't care how these spirit stones are used next. I will select all the logistics personnel. It's your command, I don't care what you do." After saying that, Hu Zhi took out all the clothes, put them in his own space preparation, and gave the space bag to Zhao Hai.