c7833 proposal

"Before, you said that Qiu Wanqian got the news that Ranka had a sect token on his body. This news was indeed false, because there was indeed no sect token on Ranka, because he himself was a sect token. , as long as he grows up together, I firmly believe that my sister-in-law will definitely try her best to let Lanka join a sect. Even if she does not join their sect, she will join other sects. So what Qiu Wanqian said is not wrong."

"But the more this happens, the more I hate it. Why do those sect disciples do this? Why do they? Is it just because they are sect disciples and we are casual cultivators? My sister-in-law is a kind person and treats everyone with kindness. Very good, she never looked down on us because we were casual cultivators, and even gave us guidance on how to practice. Although she didn’t teach us their sect’s exercises, she was of great help to us. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be as strong as we are today. She is such a person, but they have to take her back. Why? I don’t accept it!”

"So after Brother Lan was arrested, he vowed to make the Ancient Sword Gang stronger, preferably strong enough to challenge those sects. Unfortunately, when his sister-in-law was captured, he The battle left hidden wounds, and her strength declined, and she never recovered. In the end, she was killed by someone. I even suspected that the killer might be related to my sister-in-law's sect, because almost all of my sister-in-law's sects were members of the sect. Female disciples, the reputation of their sect is also very good. They will never hope that someone like Brother Lan exists, because if Brother Lan exists for one day, it will pose a certain threat to the reputation of their sect. , so they have every reason to send people to deal with Brother Lan. It is precisely because of this that we still want to develop the Ancient Sword Gang. We want to make the Ancient Sword Gang more powerful. It is best to challenge those Sect.”

"Brother, although we people had the intention before, we were unable to make the Ancient Sword Sect more powerful because we really did not have the ability. But brother, you are different. His strength is there, and to be honest, Your plan also gives us hope. This is the only hope we see now, so we will definitely work towards the goal you mentioned. No matter whether it succeeds or not, we are worthy of Brother Lan. .”

After saying this, Hu Zhi's eyes were already flashing with tears. He got himself another bowl of wine, drank the wine in the bowl in one gulp, and then said in a deep voice: "I know that we people , they are all casual cultivators, and we don’t have much ability, but for Brother Lan, even if it’s our lives on the tower, it doesn’t matter. Anyway, our lives are all saved by Brother Lan. Brother, the future development of the Ancient Sword Sect , it’s up to you.” At the end of the sentence, Hu Zhi turned his attention to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai really didn't expect that Lanka's life experience would be like this, but he didn't say anything, but also got a bowl of wine for himself, and then drank the wine in the bowl in one gulp, and then he He took a long breath and then said in a deep voice: "Those big sect disciples look down on us, why? It's not because they are sect disciples, but because of their strength. Their strength is stronger than us, so they can look down on us. In the world of cultivation, whoever has the biggest fist is the right side, so we have to make ourselves stronger. Only in this way can we be qualified to stand in front of those big sects."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, and then he said in a deep voice: "If our Ancient Sword Sect wants to develop and become stronger under the eyes of those big sects, there is only one way, communication and integration. This is the only way. Only then can we truly develop the Ancient Sword Sect."

When Hu Zhi heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion and said: "Brother, please explain in more detail, what kind of communication and integration." Hu Zhi really Some people don't quite understand the meaning of Zhao Hai's words, so they ask this question.

Zhao Hai glanced at Hu Zhi and the others, and then said: "What do we lack most as casual cultivators? In fact, it is not the materials used for practice. The materials used for practice can make our practice faster. Fast, but those are not the foundation. What we lack is the foundation, and what is the foundation? It is people and skills."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused, took another sip of wine, and then said: "As long as we absorb enough people, there will be all kinds of talents. This is people, and the same goes for the techniques. Each of us has different attributes, and the skills we practice are not certain. Take Lanka for example. After Lanka ate I don’t know what kind of fruit it was, his body changed. This change is very important to him. This is a good thing and a bad thing for Lanka. The good thing is that he can only practice the kind of flexible physical training. By practicing this kind of technique, he will get twice the result with half the effort, but if he doesn't practice this kind of physical training, he will get twice the result with half the effort. If he practices ordinary body-building techniques, he may go crazy. If he practices techniques that everyone can practice, it will be half the result with half the effort. So if he practices the right techniques, it will be half the result. It’s very important.”

Zhao Hai looked at Hu Zhi and the others, and then said: "But we casual cultivators have a problem. What skills we know will never be exposed easily. We will regard those skills as our own. secret, or they only want to pass it on to their descendants, but they never thought that their descendants may have different attributes from theirs, and their skills may not be suitable for their descendants at all. In the eyes of those major sects, their undisclosed secrets may be nothing more than the most common things, not worth mentioning at all."

"So what I mean is that everyone should take out all the skills they have practiced and build a Sutra Pavilion, allowing all casual practitioners to come to our Sutra Pavilion to exchange for skills. However, we don't want spiritual stones, only skills. Method, for example, if you want to come to our Sutra Pavilion to exchange for wood-type exercises, you have to exchange them with exercises of other attributes. Even if you cannot come up with new exercises, you will The old exercises must also have newcomers who add their own annotations and prove that they are indeed feasible. Only in this way will there be more and more exercises in our Tibetan Scripture Pavilion. We are using these exercises to Teach the disciples. When the time comes, our disciples will find the most suitable training method for them, and then their strength will naturally be very strong. Even without the training materials of those sect disciples, they will still be very strong. Only Only by slowly developing in this way can we truly become stronger, and finally be qualified to challenge those large sects."

Hu Zhi and the others were all listening to Zhao Hai's words blankly. They really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would say this. This really surprised them. After a while, Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai. Hesitantly said: "Brother, is it too risky to do this? What if someone is jealous of us and comes to us to steal the skills? Our strength is not enough to subdue all greedy people, right?"

Zhao Hai said solemnly: "It doesn't matter, we can hide the original copy of the skill, put a copy of the skill in the Sutra Pavilion, and then put a magic circle in each copy, if they dare to force it If they steal the skills, then our magic circle will destroy all those skills. As for the people who want to take action, it will be easier to deal with. We can directly place a reward order. If someone kills them, we can Use the exercises to express gratitude, so I believe no one will dare to steal our exercises."

Hu Zhi and the others were all bright-eyed, but he still did not agree immediately. Instead, he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Your idea is very good, and it feels feasible, but it is a bit difficult to actually implement it. This matter can be discussed in the long term. We should first control the entire Linyuan Town. We must eat one bite at a time and do things step by step. Don't be too anxious." Hu Zhi seemed to be very calm. He did not Immediately do what Zhao Hai said. If he really does that, he may succeed, but they may not be able to see it.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Actually, I think there is one thing that is very strange, and that is the matter of Qiu Wanqian. Qiu Wanqian said that Lanka had a sect token on him, so he wanted to deal with Lanka. , this matter itself is very strange. Who would say for no reason that a child would have a sect token on his body? Where did he get the news? Isn’t his reaction too strange? I think It is possible that someone is targeting Lanca and deliberately spreading this rumor. They may even say this to Qiu Wanqian on purpose, just to make Qiu Wanqian believe this and then use Qiu Wanqian's hand to deal with Lanka. Ka, maybe they just want little Lanka’s life, and as for the sect token, it’s just a bait.”

When Hu Zhi heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but look suspicious. He immediately said: "Tell me carefully, what do you think." Hu Zhi really didn't think of this before, so now he Hearing what Zhao Hai said, he became so nervous because he thought that what Zhao Hai said seemed to make sense.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Brother, look at this." After Zhao Hai moved his hand, a blood-red long knife appeared in his hand, but the long knife was still in his hand. The reason why he stopped trembling was not because the long knife was alive, but because the blade of the long knife was very thin and soft.

Zhao Hai pointed at the long knife and said: "This is a magical weapon used by Qiu Wanqian. He also established a gang called the Blood Knife Gang based on this magical weapon. I have seen this magical weapon, and I have also Let Uncle Liu take a look at it. Uncle Liu said that this magic weapon is a very high-quality magic weapon with very good quality. Even ordinary sect disciples may not be able to afford it, and this is exactly the problem. The key is, who is Qiu Wanqian? He is a casual cultivator, a casual cultivator who is not very happy, otherwise he would not hang out here in Linyuan Town, but he can afford such a good person A magic weapon, isn't this weird? I heard that he has never used this magic weapon before. He only revealed this magic weapon when he attacked you, so what about his magic weapon? Where did it come from? Isn’t this weird?”

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.