c7835 smoothly

Hu Zhi looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "It's actually very simple. What Zhao Ying said was that he had prepared a way out for Lanka. Didn't this sentence remind you of something? "?" After saying that, he glanced at everyone, as if he wanted everyone to think about Zhao Hai's words.

Scarface and the others all looked at Hu Zhi with puzzled faces. They asked Hu Zhi just because they didn't understand the meaning of this sentence. Now that Hu Zhi said this again, this made them even more confused. All of them They all shook their heads and still looked at Hu Zhi with puzzled expressions, which made Hu Zhi very impatient.

Hu Zhi glanced at them, then sighed softly, and then said in a deep voice: "You guys just don't use your brains. Let's ignore what Zhao Hai said before and just say that he gave Lanka What do you think of the planned escape route? Think about it carefully." Hu Zhi was really impatient with everyone's reaction.

Scarface thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "It's nothing. By the way, didn't you say it? He bought a stake in Uncle Liu's grocery store. Every month, Uncle Liu will give Lanca two levels of income. This is what he gives Lanka." Ka has prepared a way out." At this point, he was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately reacted. He looked at Hu Zhi with bright eyes and said, "Did he mean that Uncle Liu..."

The others all reacted at this time, and looked at Hu Zhi with their eyes shining brightly. Hu Zhi looked at their appearance, sighed softly and said: "You guys, it's only now that you understand, what he said is Although I don’t know what he means by this, I think he is talking about Uncle Liu.”

Scarface said excitedly: "No wonder Uncle Liu has always been so kind to Lanka. I thought it was because he had no children that he especially liked children. If it is really because of this, then this matter It makes sense, if Uncle Liu is really the person who has been secretly protecting Lanka, then it makes sense that he is good to Lanka."

The others all nodded, and they really felt that way. Old Liu Tou had always been very kind to Lanka. They had always believed that Old Liu Tou had been treating Lanka because he had no children. He is very good to Lanka, but what if Old Liu Tou is good to Lanka not just because he has no children, but for some other reason? This explanation seemed to make sense. They really hadn't thought of this before.

Hu Zhi looked at their expressions and said in a deep voice: "That's what Zhao Ying probably meant. Regardless of whether what he said is true or not, I think there is some truth in what he said. He has a lot of hatred for special people." It makes even more sense. We all know that guy Qiu Wanqian. He used to be honest in the town. Although I heard that he was never a good person when he was outside the town, but he is very good in the town. He is very honest, and we have never paid attention to him, but who would have thought that such a person would suddenly attack us, and the magic weapon, I saw it, it is really new, so What Zhao Hai said is probably true."

Scarface said solemnly: "If this is really the case, then we have to deal with them even more. I really didn't expect that they would not even let go of Brother Lan's flesh and blood. It's so hateful. They don't want to fall into my hands." Here, otherwise I will cut them into pieces to vent the hatred in my heart."

Hu Zhi said in a deep voice: "In any case, what we have to do now is what Zhao Hai said before, first control Linyuan Town in our hands, and then we can try to do it here in Linyuan Town Zhao Hai's plan is to communicate and integrate. If it is feasible, then we will slowly expand outwards. I don't believe it. When we control most of the casual cultivators, those sects still dare to control them. What about us, let’s all go and rest, and we’ll take action tomorrow.”

Everyone agreed and went to rest immediately. They were really tired today and needed a good rest. It was not their bodies that were tired, but their minds that were tired, especially in the end when Zhao Hai and What they said made them even more excited and frightened. They really didn’t know if they could develop like Zhao Hai said. If they could really develop like that, it would be the best. , otherwise, there will be some trouble.

Early the next morning, Zhao Hai got up at the same time as usual and led the children to start training. Aunt Wu and the others also came early and started cooking for the children. Everything was the same as before, there was no difference. , but Aunt Wu and the others have to cook a lot more food today, because Hu Zhi and the others will also come over to eat. Zhao Hai is already planning to invite one more person. After all, with Hu Zhi and the others having dinner, Aunt Wu and the others are a bit agitated. Too busy.

While Zhao Hai was leading the children to practice contortion, Hu Zhi and the others came to Lanka's yard. They were very curious when they saw the children's movements, but they didn't look too much. Instead, he went directly into the room. Zhao Hai was alone outside watching the children practice.

After the children finished practicing and had breakfast, Zhao Hai continued to take the children to practice, but Hu Zhi and the others started to take action. They just wanted to contact the people in the town and get their consent. In the future, they Act together. Before going, they discussed with Zhao Hai how to do it. Zhao Hai directly gave Hu Zhi a plan. This plan recorded in great detail what they were going to do next. There are also questions such as how to divide the obtained crystals.

After reading the plan, Hu Zhi and the others became more confident. They left the yard directly and went to the town to contact people. Hu Zhi and the others still had high popularity in the town, although they had previously He is also a member of a gang, but here in Wanshan Realm, gang members are never bad people. There are many people who want to join the gang. The reason why they did not join may be that they have no connections, and the second may be that they are not strong enough. Because gang members do bad things.

Hu Zhi and the others really never did anything bad in the town before, and they have always taken great care of the people in the town. Many people in the town have received their kindness, and some people have even Their lives were saved by Hu Zhi and the others, so Hu Zhi and the others were very confident in their actions this time.

Facts have also proved that the saying that every time a person is righteous, he will kill more dogs, it is really right. Although Linyuan Town is not a big town and the people here are not great people, the people here are still... They are really very loyal. When Hu Zhi and the others came forward to invite the people here to work with them, everyone agreed. Except for some people who were not in the town, everyone else agreed with Hu Zhi. invite.

Hu Zhi was very satisfied with their results for the day. In the afternoon, they had completed the task and returned directly to the yard of Lanka's house. When they entered the yard, they found Lanka and the others taking a nap, and no one disturbed Lanka. They followed Zhao Hai to Hu Zhi's yard.

After arriving in the yard, several people did not enter the room because the room was too small. It was more convenient to talk outside. Hu Zhi and the others told Zhao Hai the results of their actions today. Tell Zhao Hai that they have completed their mission and almost everyone in the town has agreed to join them.

Their results really surprised Zhao Hai. When he told Niu Wen and others about this matter, no one agreed. At that time, Niu Li and others had already become their students. , but Niu Wen and the others still seemed to be wary and did not agree.

As soon as Hu Zhi and the others came forward, those people all agreed. This was really surprising. Zhao Hai really didn’t know what to say for a moment. He finally understood now that Hu Zhi and others agreed. How high are the prestige of people like Zhi in the small town?

Zhao Hai took a long breath and said in a deep voice: "Okay, as long as we all agree, then we will divide the work, as I said, tomorrow we will divide the work, first divided into the escort team and the herb collection team Of the three teams including the logistics team, the people in the escort team must be the strongest. The people in the herb collection team don’t need to be too strong. Men and women can do it. The logistics team can use those who are old and weak, but their strength is not strong. I no longer have the ability to go out to collect herbs or hunt. You can stay at home and help us look after our house. I think you all know this team. After all, what kind of strength those people have, you should be You know the best, so you must take action in this matter."

Hu Zhi and the others nodded, and then Zhao Hai said: "The next step is to cultivate the fields first and solve our food problem. I have looked around the town before and said To be honest, there are mountains around the town and there are many trees, which is not suitable for farming. Therefore, I chose the location of farming in Xiahong Valley. The land in Xiahong Valley has been cultivated. This time we are going to The reasons for cultivating fields outside Xiahong Valley are firstly because the land there is flatter, and secondly because there is a small river there, which makes it easier for us to irrigate the fields. As long as all the land outside Xiahong Valley is cultivated, the harvested food will be enough. We have enough food for the whole town, and there will be a lot left over. In addition to our hunting and gathering wild vegetables, our food may become better in the future, but after our land is planted, when the autumn harvest is approaching, We have to send people to watch to prevent those monsters from destroying all our fields, but this can be left to the people of the logistics team to take charge of it."

Hu Zhi nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "If the whole town works together to open up fields and cultivate, it won't take long. Once done, we can move on to the next step. That's what you said, We are about to go out to collect herbs together. Do you have any opinions in this regard?" Hu Zhi now pays more and more attention to Zhao Hai's opinions.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "I really can't say anything about this, because I'm not very familiar with the situation around the town. After all, after I arrived in the town, I haven't gone around to collect any medicine. Without you, You know the situation around the town, so it’s up to you.”

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.