c7839 gate of hell

It is impossible for all medicinal materials to mature in one season. Some medicinal materials are derived from leaves, some medicinal materials are derived from roots, some medicinal plants are derived from flowers, and some medicinal materials are derived from fruits, so the ripening seasons of these medicinal materials are also different. If they are different, then the order of picking will naturally not be the same.

The people in Linyuan Town are all experts in collecting herbs. They are very familiar with the medicinal materials around Linyuan Town. They know very well what kind of medicinal materials are mature in which seasons around Linyuan Town, so they Naturally, the areas where medicinal materials are produced can be divided. Hu Zhi also specially consulted many people in Linyuan Town for this purpose.

Hu Zhi and the others had just divided the areas when they saw Zhao Hai coming. He couldn't help being stunned, and immediately said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, why are you here? Are all those children asleep?" Zhao Hai is mainly responsible for teaching those children. Children, so the people in Linyuan Town also respect Zhao Hai very much.

Zhao Hai smiled and nodded and said: "I'm already asleep, brother. I came to you today to give you this. Here are some things I prepared for your trip. Take a look and see what is missing. If If you are still missing, I will prepare it for you." After saying this, Zhao Hai directly gave a space bag to Hu Zhi.

Hu Zhi was a little confused, so he directly took the space bag that Zhao Hai brought over. After carefully looking at the contents of the space bag, Hu Zhi couldn't help being stunned, and then he said to Zhao Hai with a moved face: "Brother, Did you prepare all these things? Thank you so much, these things are so useful."

It’s not surprising that Hu Zhi said this, because Zhao Hai prepared so many things in his space bag, such as dry food, wound medicine, antidote, and other things, such as ropes and other commonly used items. These things may seem inconspicuous at ordinary times, but when they are actually used, their effects are huge.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "That's right. I'm in charge of the logistics of the entire gang now. This is what I should do. Brother, do you have any other instructions? This time you leave, the town will There aren’t many people left, so if there’s anything to do, tell me right away and I’ll be ready.”

Hu Zhi shook his head, then laughed and said to Zhao Hai: "No, brother, I can rest assured that you are here, I will leave the family affairs to you." Hu Zhi is really relieved now, because what Zhao Hai Everything has already been thought of in front of him. Faced with Zhao Hai like this, why should he feel uneasy?

Zhao Hai looked at Hu Zhi, then smiled slightly, and then said: "Okay, big brother, I will first wish you a great success this time." Zhao Hai smiled and saluted Hu Zhi. When Zhiyi heard what Zhao Hai said, he laughed loudly and patted him hard on the shoulder.

Afterwards, nothing happened. Zhao Hai returned directly to the courtyard of Lanka's house and rested directly. For Zhao Hai, the things here in Linyuan Town were just small things, compared with the things about the Blood Killing Sect. , what happened here was really nothing, so he was not nervous at all, and he even had time to check out the reports of other disciples.

Originally, the situation with other disciples was normal, but Shi Jin sent a message, which surprised Zhao Hai, because Shi Jin was going to talk to Zhao Hai alone. He said that he had something important to do. Tell Zhao Hai, this is really surprising to Zhao Hai, and at the same time, he also attaches great importance to it.

Shi Jin also used a disguised identity to enter those small towns this time. His current status in that small town is not high. This is of course something he did deliberately, but he has collected a lot of information, and this time Shi Jin was looking for him so anxiously because there must be something important, so Zhao Hai immediately contacted Shi Jin directly through the real illusion.

Zhao Hai directly sent a separate message to Shi Jin. The content was very simple: "Shi Jin, what's going on? But what did you find?" The people of the Blood Killing Sect have always been very direct in doing things. People, there is no need to be polite, just say whatever you want, and no one will be angry. And with outsiders, there is no need to be polite. You are my friend, I will naturally take care of you. If you are my enemy, then I will kill you. You are so simple.

Shi Jin immediately replied to Zhao Hai's message: "Sect Master, I discovered a situation here in Gushu Town. There are many shops in Gushu Town that cannot be messed with, and some of them are opened by those sects. , I can understand that the casual cultivators don’t dare to mess with these shops, but no one dares to mess with a few shops, which is very strange. These shops are not that kind of grocery stores, they are all inns or It’s a hotel, a place that provides people with food and accommodation. On the surface, it seems to have no backing, but no one dares to mess with them.”

"I later checked these shops and found that they did not seem to have any backers, but they seemed to have strong backers, because I heard that all the people who had offended them were dead, which made me I was very surprised, and I inquired carefully for a while, and finally got the news that these shops seemed to be related to an organization called Hell Sect, but the sect, when I left the Pirate Sect, I never I have never heard of an organization called Hell Gate. In other words, this organization does not even have any problems with the Thief Gate. Sect Master, I think this matter should attract our attention."

When Zhao Hai heard the news from Shi Jin, he couldn't help but be startled. He suddenly thought of the situation of the Kelai Xuan Hotel and Yun Lai Inn in Linyuan Town, and what Shi Jin said. The situation is very similar, except that he hasn't heard about the Hell Gate yet.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately said: "Are you sure they are a group and there is an organization called Hell Gate behind them? How to determine it? Is the news accurate?" Zhao Hai was still very concerned about Shi Jin's news. Curious, especially about this organization called Hell Gate, even more curious.

Shi Jin immediately said: "Yes, Sect Master, I can confirm that I got this news from an old beggar in the town. He was also a casual cultivator back then, but later he was seriously injured and had no way to take risks anymore. He had no other ability, so he could only make a living by begging. Seeing how pitiful he was, I often gave him some food and supplies. The old man was very grateful to me and gave me some news, specifically mentioning those families. shop, he said that I would rather offend those sect shops than offend those sect shops. As long as I don’t offend the sect’s shops, they might not kill me, but if I If you offend those stores, you will definitely die. At that time, he mentioned the Hell Gate, but he knew very little about the Hell Gate. The reason why he knew the name was because he saw the Hell Gate. When a gang was wiped out, he was secretly watching. However, the people at Hell Gate did not think of killing him, so he escaped with his life. However, after so many years, he has always been I dare not tell anyone the news."

Speaking of this, Shi Jin added: "He only heard some sporadic words back then. It seems that before the hell gate destroyed the gang, he also said a few words, the heart can go to heaven, and the heart can go to hell. There is no way for misfortunes and blessings, people bring it on themselves! Yes, those are these four sentences, and then they announced their names. Apart from these, he didn't know anything."

Zhao Hai fell into deep thought when he saw what Shi Jin had written. He originally thought that those shops were related to the Shadow Clan, but after seeing the doggerel-like things around him, he was a little unsure, because he It feels like something like this cannot be created by the Shadow Clan. If the Shadow Clan wants to kill anyone, they will never read such a poem.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai feels that those shops have nothing to do with the Shadow Clan, but that old beggar. If the Shadow Clan people find out that the old beggar has discovered their actions, they will definitely kill the old beggar. He killed him easily, but the people from the Hell Gate did not kill the old beggar. This shows that those people did not want to kill the old beggar. In other words, those people were not from the Shadow Clan, and the Shadow Clan people would never be merciful.

Zhao Hai thought for a while, and then he said in a deep voice: "Chasing the Hell Gate, but remember, be careful. The Hell Gate seems to be quite powerful. If they find that someone is chasing them, they may I want to attack you, so I must be careful not to be discovered by them. I still put gathering intelligence first and pursue the Hell Gate matter, but don’t do it deliberately by the way.”

Shi Jin responded, and Zhao Hai arrived at the public forum and directly gave everyone an order to ask everyone to pay attention to whether there were some shops in their town. There was obviously no backstage, but no one dared to provoke them. And those are some hotels or inns. At the same time, Zhao Hai also asked them to pay attention to the news about the Hell Gate, but like Shi Jin, when they checked the Hell Gate, they just did it in passing and not to focus on this matter.

After giving this order, Zhao Hai saw that everyone responded, and he exited the forum. Then he lay on the bed, thinking about this matter. He was really curious, what is this Hell Gate? What kind of organization they were, why they hid themselves, and why they didn't let others know about them all made him very curious.

However, Zhao Hai is also very clear that now is not the time to focus all his attention on the Hell Gate. The reason why this Hell Gate has been hiding its strength must be because they are not strong enough. If they are strong enough, then They won't hide their strength anymore, because there is no need at all. Look at those big sects, when have they ever hidden their strength? They don't even want people to know their names. They don't. Why? Because they have such strength, they dare not let others know about them, so they dare to do this, but Hell Gate does not dare. It is precisely because they dare not, so their strength must not be strong. Even Zhao Hai believes that this Hell The sect may not be a sect. Even if it is a sect, it is supported by some small sects. They dare not let the big sects know. If they really let the big sects know, I am afraid that the big sects will unite. Destroy them in minutes.