c7838 Before leaving

When it got completely dark, the house was finally completely built, and everyone moved the tables and chairs into the house. Although the house still looked very simple, everyone was still very happy. When everyone finished the simple house After cleaning up, Zhao Hai took Aunt Wu and Aunt Liu directly to bring the rice to the newly made table.

Although the table was newly made and very simple, everyone was still very happy. Everyone was eating happily. After eating, Hu Zhi announced directly that everyone would gather here tomorrow. , and then everyone acts in unison, there is still work to do tomorrow.

Everyone also responded happily, and then turned around and left. Aunt Liu and the others stayed until the end, and after cleaning up everything on the table, they went back to their home. After Zhao Hai took care of Lanka and the others, they went to bed. , Hu Zhi and the others called Zhao Hai into their yard.

After Hu Zhi sat down in the canteen in their yard, Zhao Hai took out the jade slip he bought today and handed it to Hu Zhi and said: "Brother, this is the herbal jade slip I just bought today. There are many in it." Introduction to herbal medicines, all of you should copy it, and let others complicate it tomorrow. When we plow the fields tomorrow, we will see if we can get some herbal medicines. In the future, we will be able to collect more herbal medicines, and our income will also increase. of."

Hu Zhi took the jade slip with a happy face and asked casually: "This thing is not cheap, isn't it? I remember I asked before, it seems to cost dozens of spiritual stones. Do you have enough spiritual stones in your hand?" ?" As he said this, Hu Zhi had already put his spiritual power into the jade slip. It was obvious that he was just asking casually and did not take this matter to heart.

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said: "Thirty spiritual stones. This jade slip is only thirty spiritual stones. Although I still have some spiritual stones in my hand, it is not much. But it is better than food and it is enough to eat." , I will buy some seeds tomorrow, it will be enough, but after planting the land, brother, I am afraid you will have to go out to collect herbs, otherwise we will soon spend all the spiritual stones, by the way. , I am going to prepare some things for you when you go out. If I really prepare it as I think, then we may really have very few spiritual stones left."

When Hu Zhi heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be startled. He then immediately said to Zhao Hai: "So expensive? Forget it, this thing is indeed useful. Just be more expensive. That's what I think. If you use two to In three days, I will plant all the land you mentioned, and then go to collect herbs right away, what do you think?"

Zhao Hai thought for a while and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, but I have to take care of those children. I'm afraid I won't have time to farm with you. I can only tell you where the land to farm is, and you will be needed when the time comes. Do it yourself." Zhao Hai still has to take care of those children, not only to take care of those children, but most importantly, to teach them things, so he is still very busy.

Hu Zhi nodded and said: "Yes, of course. Those children are our hope. Just go ahead and do it with confidence. Leave the rest to us." Hu Zhi still responded to Zhao Hai's words. They took it very seriously, so he agreed directly. Naturally, they didn't need Zhao Hai's help to cultivate the land, they could just do it themselves.

Then everyone chatted about tomorrow's events for a while, and Zhao Hai went back to his room to rest. He would get up early tomorrow and ask Aunt Liu and the others to prepare food for everyone. After all, everyone would have dinner together now, so what food Things must be prepared in advance.

Moreover, Zhao Hai is also planning to prepare some dry food for everyone, and ask them to bring it with them when they go out. Hu Zhi and the others usually do not bring dry food with them when they go out. They are usually in the woods, and they can find whatever they can find. Eat whatever you want, wild fruits, vegetables, monsters, whatever you have.

But there is one thing, if they eat those things, then they will not be able to eat salt, and salt is very important to everyone nowadays. If they really can’t eat salt, over time, their bodies will also deteriorate. They won't be able to bear it. They haven't reached the point of living without grains yet, and they can't really eat the wind and drink the dew, so they have to eat salt.

Some salt should be put in the dry food prepared by Zhao Hai for them so that they can survive in the wild for a longer time. These things are what they must prepare. Although they can also buy some dry food, buying But it's very expensive. They don't have that many spiritual stones now.

Early the next morning, Zhao Hai got up early, and Aunt Liu and the others also arrived early. This time, there were already more than a dozen people cooking together, and everyone was busy. Zhao Hai also asked them to build a meal yesterday. They built a granary and put all the Huangjing and grains there, so after Aunt Liu and the others arrived, they could go there directly to get the grains and prepare breakfast.

As soon as Aunt Liu and the others saw Zhao Hai coming, they all stood up and saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai waved his hand and then said: "Aunt Liu, how are you all doing? We will be very hard these days. If you can’t stand what you want, you must tell me.”

Aunt Liu quickly said: "Don't worry, sir, there is nothing wrong with our bodies and we can withstand it. If you have anything to do, just ask me." Aunt Liu knew very well that Zhao Hai will be in charge of them from now on. There is absolutely nothing wrong with calling Zhao Hai Zhao Hai, so she was very polite to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "That's it. In addition to preparing three meals a day for them these days, I'm going to make a batch of dry food, because everyone has to go there these days. Go to cultivate the land outside the town and plant some polygonatum and other things to make our food rations. After the land is planted, they will go to collect medicine. It will take a few days to go out this time. I plan to bring them some dry food. , so they don’t have to go hungry and have a full meal outside.”

When Aunt Liu heard what Zhao Hai said, her eyes immediately lit up, and then she immediately said: "Okay, sir, don't worry, there is nothing wrong with our health, and we will definitely provide everyone with dry food." Others also There was no objection, because they were all casual cultivators before and had all lived in the wild. They knew very well how important some dry food was to everyone when living in the wild. Even if they were a little tired, they would We must prepare dry food for everyone.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, that's it. Let's prepare breakfast first, and then prepare all the things needed for lunch. After that, we will prepare dry food. This time we Prepare to make some different dry food." Aunt Liu and the others responded happily and went to work immediately.

After Lanka and the others woke up, they started their daily morning classes. At this time, Aunt Liu and the others had already prepared breakfast, and even the ingredients for lunch and dinner were all ready. The reason why it happened so quickly , because their food ingredients are really poor. Polygonatum is the staple food. Although there are some other foods, no one is willing to use them, because those foods are made into dry food for everyone to carry, so no one is willing to use them. Go and move.

After Lanka and the others finished their morning classes, Hu Zhi and the others were all ready. All the people in the town came to them. After breakfast, Zhao Hai took them outside Xiahong Valley. There was a piece of land outside Xiahong Valley. The terrain is very flat, so all the fields on both sides of the river are cleared and planted directly.

After everyone started to get busy, Zhao Hai returned to the yard and asked Lanka and the others to start practicing, while he began to teach Aunt Liu and the others how to make dry food. The dry food that Zhao Hai wanted to make was actually flatbread or miscellaneous grains. Flatbreads, these flatbreads are very big, with some salt added in them. It is very convenient to eat. You can take out a piece and eat it directly. After eating, drink some water and it will be a meal. Not a bad meal.

Eating in the wild is not so particular. Moreover, the method of making this kind of flatbread is very simple. In addition, everyone has space to prepare and put things in it, and there is no need to worry about it being broken. Therefore, it is very simple to make, but you need to use all the miscellaneous grains. It will take some time to make the noodles.

Zhao Hai had to take action himself, making a lot of multi-grain noodles, and then asked Aunt Liu and the others how to make this kind of multi-grain flatbread. This kind of flatbread was very simple to make, and Aunt Liu and the others got started quickly. At noon, after Hu Zhi and the others came back to have dinner, they immediately went to farm again. Hu Zhi had already told everyone that after planting the land, they would go out to collect herbs immediately. They had to increase income.

Now the fire in everyone's heart has been stirred up by Hu Zhi, so everyone is very excited now, wishing to plant all the land immediately, and then start collecting herbs. In the eyes of many people, that is As for their main business, Hu Zhi was naturally not polite and kept everyone busy in the fields.

Zhao Hai originally thought that it would take three to four days for everyone to plant all the land, but he did not expect that it only took two days for everyone to plant all the land. This made Zhao Hai Hai was also very surprised. Fortunately, when they were making the flatbread, Zhao Hai also took action himself. Otherwise, it would really be impossible to make dry food before everyone finished planting the land.

When Hu Zhi and the others finished planting all the land and were preparing to go out to collect medicine the next day, Zhao Hai went to find Old Liu Tou. He needed to buy some things from Old Liu Tou, the most important thing was some medicine for wound healing. Zhao Hai is not prepared enough for poisons and the like. He plans to make some wound medicine by himself after Hu Zhi and the others leave. Of course, it is only a wound medicine with average efficacy. It is impossible for him to make a good medicine. Come on, if he makes too good medicine, it will arouse everyone's suspicion.

After buying wound medicine and some antidotes from Old Liu Tou, Zhao Hai came to Hu Zhi's yard and found Hu Zhi directly. Hu Zhi and the others were discussing how to collect medicine tomorrow. They had to make sure , where are they going to collect medicine this time? As Zhao Hai said, they must divide Linyuan Town into different areas and go to one area at a time, so that they will always have medicine to collect, and This regional division is also very particular.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.