c7830 proposal

Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Brother, if you say that, then I won't be polite to you. If we want to make the Ancient Sword Gang do it, of course we have to do it step by step. First of all Since you took control of the entire Linyuan Town, you have been coming to Linyuan Town for a while, and you are relatively familiar with the situation here. I will not introduce you to anything more. I just want to ask you. I think if we want to control Linyuan Town without the things that happened before, what should we do?"

Zhao Hai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "It is actually not difficult to control Linyuan Town, but it is absolutely impossible for us to control the shops in Linyuan Town, let alone offend them. Otherwise If so, we will definitely be the unlucky ones, so if we want to control the entire Linyuan Town, we must be more careful, start from the bottom, and start from the perspective of interests."

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai paused and glanced at Hu Zhi and the others. Hu Zhi and the others looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion, but they all listened very seriously and no one interrupted. Now when they saw Zhao Hai stopped After coming down, Hu Zhi couldn't help but look at Zhao Hai with some confusion and said: "Brother, continue."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Brother, I know the situation here in Linyuan Town. To be honest, although Linyuan Town is very close to the Endless Abyss, the people here really don't have any masters, and Everyone's purpose is not to explore the endless abyss. This really makes me feel very puzzled. The situation here in Linyuan Town seems to be different from other small towns. I don't know why. Can you tell me about it? ?”

When Hu Zhi heard what Zhao Hai said, he also nodded and said: "There is nothing that cannot be said. Linyuan Town is indeed different from other places. Although it is very close to the Endless Abyss, it faces There is a turbulent flow in the endless abyss, and it is almost impossible for us people here to enter the endless abyss to hunt for treasures."

Speaking of this, Hu Zhi sighed lightly and said: "I heard that when Linyuan Town was first established, although there was turbulence in the Endless Abyss, it was not as strong as it is now, so people here in Linyuan Town can still enter. Those who went to the endless abyss to hunt for treasures, Linyuan Town was also very prosperous at that time."

"Unfortunately, I don't know when a turbulence started to appear in the Endless Abyss. This turbulence is here in Linyuan Town. As soon as people reach the edge of the Endless Abyss, they will be affected by the turbulence. If If you enter the endless abyss, you will be scraped away by the turbulent currents. Because of this, no one dared to go over. All the powerful people in Linyuan Town moved away. There are only so few people left in Linyuan Town."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "I see." After saying that, he fell silent again. He had to think carefully about what to say next. He didn't know much about these small towns on the edge of the endless abyss before, but now more than a thousand disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have entered those small towns. Even if they haven't joined those small towns yet, Among the gangs here, they still know very clearly what the people in the small town do for a living, and they also know very clearly about the situation in the small town.

Zhao Hai also discovered through the reports of those disciples that the situation here in Linyuan Town is somewhat different from other places. The other towns are larger than Linyuan Town and have a larger population than here. Experts There are more people than here, and the forces in those small towns are more complicated than here.

Here in Linyuan Town, as long as there is a small gang like the Ancient Sword Gang, it can control the entire town, and even they don't have a high income. The number of casual cultivators who come here usually is very small, so relatively few people come here. In fact, it is very closed. Although people come sometimes, the number is really not many. If someone can come once a few days, it is already very good.

People only use Linyuan Town as a supply point, and do not really regard it as an outpost to explore the Endless Abyss. Therefore, the number of shops in the Endless Abyss is not very large, and people's living standards are also low. Very low, because they can hardly make any money from outside casual cultivators.

Zhao Hai has always been a little strange. He didn't know why Linyuan Town was like this, so he asked it today. The answer he got from Hu Zhi also made Zhao Hai understand the real situation here. He must also Some changes have been made to the future development of Linyuan Town.

Zhao Hai thought for a while and then said: "Brother, the situation here in Linyuan Town is not very good. Although it is very close to the Endless Abyss, we can't get any benefits from there, so we can't count on the Endless Abyss. We can only We have to rely on ourselves and other things to generate income.”

Hu Zhi and the others all looked at Zhao Hai. Before, Hu Zhi asked Zhao Hai to talk about how the Ancient Sword Gang became bigger. In fact, he just wanted to ask Zhao Hai to see what kind of reaction Zhao Hai would have, but he didn't expect it. , Zhao Hai really said something, but now they can't understand what Zhao Hai is saying.

Zhao Hai looked at Hu Zhi and the others, and then said: "Brother, our Linyuan Town is a small town with not a large population, and there are not many experts. Everyone's life is very unsatisfactory now. Why is it unsatisfactory? Because? Their income is very low. Take what I am doing now as an example. I said I opened a school and asked people in the town to send their children to study with me. I would provide them with food and accommodation. It only cost two The price of a piece of spirit stone is really very cheap. I can hardly make any money. But even so, when those people sent the children over, they still took a lot of Huangjing just in case they didn’t pay. From the cost of fire food for that spiritual stone, it can be seen that they really have no spiritual stones in their hands to use, and the spiritual stones they earn now are only enough for them to survive."

Zhao Hai paused for a moment before saying, "So what we have to do now is to find ways to increase the income of the people in the town. Only by increasing the income of the people in the town can we truly control the entire town. At that time, no one can challenge our position in the town.”

Hu Zhi said in a deep voice: "Tell me carefully, it is not an easy task to increase the income of the people in the town. The town's income depends on things like collecting medicines, but there are no expensive medicines nearby. It can be picked, and the medicinal materials that everyone got are not very valuable. The most important thing is that the prices of the medicinal materials are set by those big shops. If those small shops dare to raise the prices, they will be beaten by those big shops. The store issued a warning, so it’s really not easy to increase income.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "So I said, we must generate income by ourselves. First of all, we can solve the problem of food ourselves. I have opened a piece of land in Xiahong Valley before. Polygonatum seedlings are growing very well, we can open more land and plant more Polygonatum spp. seedlings, so that we can solve the food problem for the people in the town."

Hu Zhi nodded and said: "This is okay, but we must be careful because there are many monsters around here. Although these monsters are not a threat, they will destroy the ground. Crops, so we have to pay attention to things like this, otherwise, our harvest will not be very good.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then smiled slightly and said: "If you want to grow crops and make everyone's income good, there is actually a premise, that is, everyone must unite, everyone acts in unity, and there is unity Only in this way can our income be higher."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, and then continued: "Brother, you will come forward to unite the people in the town, and let everyone act together. Let's take growing crops as an example. We can gather everyone together. Then we use different techniques to level the land and cultivate it. This not only makes cultivation faster, but also saves more time. In fact, cultivation is relatively busy in the first few days. As long as we finish planting all the land, then As long as a few people are left to watch, that's enough, and the others can go do other things, what do you think, brother?"

Hu Zhi frowned and said: "Unite everyone in the town? This is possible, but what if no one makes any money in the end? Don't we just unite everyone in the town? Is it harmful? Isn't this bad?" Hu Zhi is actually still very worried. They used to be a gang, although they are not like the gangs in other small towns who collect fees or do things to bully the market. Or like all the things where casual cultivators charge a fee, but asking them to organize all the people in the town and work together is really a bit difficult for them.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Brother, there are actually many benefits to organizing everyone in the town to work together. Let's not talk about other benefits. The biggest one is that we can all Their interests are all tied together. In the future, even if we don’t say that they are members of our Ancient Sword Gang, they will regard us as their own. By then, won’t Linyuan Town belong to us? It means we have actually taken control of Linyuan Town."

Having said this, Zhao Hai glanced at Hu Zhi and found that Hu Zhi's eyes were now shining. He smiled slightly and then said: "As for the issue of income, I don't think there is any need to worry about this. There is strength in numbers." Big, we organize everyone, whether we go out to hunt wild animals or collect herbs, we can go further. We dare to go to places that we didn't dare to go before. In this way, our income will not be less, Maybe it will increase.”

Hu Zhi and the others listened to Zhao Hai's words quietly. To be honest, they were really tempted by what Zhao Hai said. Moreover, Zhao Hai was right. With more people, the strength will become stronger. In the past, Some places that they dare not go to will dare to go if there are more people. Then the income may really increase. But in this way, if the income increases, how to divide the money is a question.