c7831 Method

Zhao Hai looked at Hu Zhi. He had already seen the expression on Hu Zhi's face. However, he did not directly point out Hu Zhi's thoughts. Instead, he looked at Hu Zhi and said, "Brother, what do you think?" Zhao Hai I ask this on purpose. Sometimes people can't act too smart, especially when there are people above you who are looking after you. If you act too smart, it will be bad.

Hu Zhi nodded and said in a deep voice: "Your idea is very good, and I also think it is very feasible. With the status of our Ancient Sword Sect here in Linyuan Town, there is no problem in gathering everyone together to do something. Yes, but there is another problem that needs our attention, that is, we have gathered everyone together, so how should we solve the problem of income distribution? We can’t share it equally with everyone, right? And there is another point , you should also pay attention to one thing, that is what I said before, some things in the town are purchased and stolen from big stores. Even if we collect more herbs, if they lower the price, then Our income will not increase either, both of which are serious problems.

When Zhao Hai heard what Hu Zhi said, he couldn't help but frown. He could think of the first problem that Hu Zhi was worried about, but the second problem that Hu Zhi was worried about was something he had not thought of. This was indeed A big problem is that if those big stores directly lower their prices, it will be impossible for them to increase their income.

The current situation in Linyuan Town is that they only have one sales channel. Although the small shops can also accept their goods, no one in those small shops dares to offend the big shops. As soon as those big shops come forward, those small shops will be finished. No one dares to accept their goods, let alone raise prices for them. It is precisely because of this that if those big stores see that they have collected more medicinal materials and directly lower the prices, then what will they do? All in vain.

Everyone else also frowned. To be honest, no one else had thought of this problem that Hu Zhi had thought of. So when they heard Hu Zhi say this, they were all stunned. Given their understanding of those big stores, I know that those big stores are definitely capable of doing this kind of thing.

Zhao Hai thought for a while and then said: "As for the problem of those big stores, I think the solution is actually very simple. That is to talk to them directly. We can use the collected medicinal materials and so on. Sell ​​them all, but they can't lower the price. If they lower the price, then we would rather take the medicinal materials to other towns to sell them. At worst, everyone will just break up." This is the method Zhao Hai came up with. Xiu, the demand for spirit stones and the like is actually not very high. If those big stores really push them, it is not impossible for them to sell those medicinal materials to others. Linyuan Town is very small. The people in the several shops here have all colluded together to come up with a unified price, but this is not the case in other towns. People in other towns have more shops, and they will not lower the price. If they sell The amount is huge, maybe they will add some money.

For those large sects, although they have their own medicinal fields and can grow some medicinal materials, their demand for medicinal materials is really too great, so it is impossible for them to push the casual cultivators too hard. If they If those casual cultivators are really pushed too hard, then if those casual cultivators really stop collecting herbs and go to get other things, then the gap in the medicinal materials of their various sects will become very big. It has a great influence on their sect.

These big stores in Linyuan Town have the courage to keep prices down, and have even formed a price alliance to make all stores in the town have the same price. This is nothing more than trying to use tiger skin as a banner. It couldn't be that their sect asked them to do this, it was the stewards here who did it themselves. The people here in Linyuan Town are not strong, and they are all honest people, so they did it. If they dared to do this in other towns, those casual cultivators would have started a riot long ago.

Moreover, here in Linyuan Town, there were only so many sales channels in the past, and they were all suppressed by the people in a few big stores. However, there were many people selling things. If you didn't sell, they would still sell. In addition, Their place is quite far away from other small towns, so it is impossible for people in this small town to sell medicinal materials to other small towns, so they dare to do this.

But if Hu Zhi and the others really unite all the people in the town and sell the medicinal materials together, then those big stores will really not dare to do this, because by then, Hu Zhi and the others will I already have the ability to send those medicinal materials to other towns to sell them.

But if you really take the medicinal materials to other towns and sell them, it will be like offending all those big shops. Then those shops will definitely take revenge. In that case, it will be bad. It might lead to a deadly feud, which would not do them any good, so it is best to resolve the issue through negotiation.

When Hu Zhi heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he thought for a while, then nodded and said: "That's okay. The situation in other towns is indeed better than ours. I understand. , you don’t want to offend those shops, right? Just negotiate with them and guarantee our interests, but you can’t offend them to death? Is that what you mean?”

Hu Zhi is also a smart man. As soon as Zhao Hai said it, he already understood what Zhao Hai meant. Zhao Hai also nodded directly and said: "Yes, that's what it means. As for the issue of distribution, we can actually learn from those big sects, that is, gather everyone together, and then distribute the work, and everyone will do it." What kind of job can we get? How many spiritual stones can we get every month? How many spiritual stones can we get from the things we sell? Except for those given to them, they are all ours. However, this method is risky. If we don’t earn anything, If we give them more, we will lose. Of course, if we earn more, we will really make a lot of money. There is another way, and that is to distribute it to everyone according to our income, but It’s not that everyone is divided equally, we also have to allocate work to everyone. Strong people can form a guard team, they can hunt, and they also have to face external battles. These people can get the most spiritual stones. , and then there are the herb gathering teams. They can also hunt and collect herbs, but under normal circumstances, they are not required to participate in external battles, unless there is a big operation that requires everyone to act together. They will be asked to participate. The second is some logistics work. You farm, take care of children, and prepare things for everyone. These people are the logistics team. The logistics team is mainly women, so their spiritual stones are allocated to them. At least, what do you think?"

Hu Zhi thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Let's use the second method. If we use the first method, if we really can't make money back, then we will really have to lose money, but we are losing money." No, I think the second method is better." Everyone else nodded.

Zhao Hai would naturally not object. Now the Ancient Sword Sect was not in his hands, so he naturally would not object to Hu Zhi's words. At this time, there were bursts of noise outside, and Zhao Hai and the others also Hearing it, it was Lanka and the others who came back. Hu Zhi led everyone out of the room.

As soon as they came out, they saw Lanka and the others walking in happily from outside. Everyone was holding a piece of clothing and shoes in their hands, looking very excited. As soon as Lanka saw Zhao Hai and the others coming out, He immediately ran to Zhao Hai, held the clothes in front of Zhao Hai, and said to Zhao Hai: "Master, look, these are the clothes we bought. I didn't expect that we can also buy new shoes for ourselves. Look, ,is it beautiful?"

After all, Lanka is a child. Now that he has achieved results, of course he has to show off. Zhao Hai looked at Ranka and smiled and said: "Okay, very good. Our little Lanka has finally led these many little brothers." , start making money on your own, so let’s do this, you don’t wear these clothes and shoes now, until their parents come back, you can put them on and show them, you have earned them yourself.”

Lanka agreed happily, and then went to convey Zhao Hai's words. The children cheered for a while, and then they all took their clothes and ran to their rooms. Zhao Hai looked at them, but With a smile on his face, these children are really tolerable, and he really likes these children.

Hu Zhi and the others looked at the children with smiles on their faces. After a while, Hu Zhi stopped smiling, then turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Okay, I think your proposal is very good, brother. Let's do it tomorrow." Let’s start taking action and carry out our plan. We people in the small town still have some face. It’s up to us to contact the people in the small town and explain it clearly to them. I believe everyone will agree.”

Zhao Hai nodded without saying anything. Hu Zhi then said: "First arrange for these children to have a meal, and then we will have a good drink. Then we will discuss what to do specifically, but with those big shops Negotiation is necessary. We have gone to other small towns before and have some understanding of the conditions in other small towns. The prices for purchasing medicinal materials in shops in those small towns are at least three levels higher than ours. This is A smile is a lot of money, we must make it clear to those big stores, and they must mention the price to us."

Zhao Hai really didn't know the price of those medicinal materials here in Wanshan Realm, but now when he heard what Hu Zhi said, he couldn't help but be stunned. He really didn't expect that the prices in those big stores would be so high. At such a low level, they are really evil-minded. It seems that he really made the right move.

Hu Zhi glanced at the children who had just walked out of his room, and said in a deep voice: "Whether it is for ourselves or for these children, we must make the Ancient Sword Sect stronger and let Lin Yuan Town will become better, otherwise, we will really feel sorry for them. When their children grow up in the future, they will follow our old path."