c7849 Prepare

When Zhao Hai heard what Hu Zhi said, he was stunned at first, and then he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "What do I think it is? Isn't it just killing a sect disciple? It's nothing special. Anyway, I have seen those sect disciples for a long time." If you don't like it, just kill him. What Menli did is just to let me follow Menli wholeheartedly. It's okay."

When Hu Zhi heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, are you really not angry? You must know that those are sect disciples, and they know the Dharma. You want to deal with those Guy, it's not that easy. Let's not say whether those sects will find you and kill you in the future. Even if you face those sect disciples, it will be very dangerous. That is no joke. .”

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, brother, I have confidence. I think if the door gives me this opportunity, then they won't really want my life. They will definitely choose an opponent with similar strength to me. In this case, I have nothing to worry about, brother, just rest assured."

When Hu Zhi saw Zhao Hai's calm look, he really didn't know what to say. Should he say that Zhao Hai has a big heart, or should he say that he is stupid and bold? If the disciples of the sect are really that easy to deal with, then they also They will no longer be so arrogant. They are arrogant not only because they are disciples of the sect, but also because of their strength. The strength of those sect disciples is incomparable to that of casual cultivators. It is precisely because of this that when Hu Zhi heard that the test for Zhao Hai was to kill a sect disciple, he felt sorry for Zhao Hai. Hai, because in his opinion, Zhao Hai's test was definitely a narrow escape.

Zhao Hai looked at Hu Zhi's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "Don't worry, brother, I have my own way. Although those sect disciples are powerful, their martial arts experience is far behind, so I want to deal with them , it’s actually not very difficult, so don’t worry, I promise you can complete this test.

When Hu Zhi saw Zhao Hai's appearance, he couldn't help but become more curious. He looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, are you really sure? How sure are you?" He really couldn't imagine how a casual cultivator could deal with a sect. How confident are the disciples? Generally, it is the disciples of the sect who can deal with casual cultivators easily. No casual cultivator has ever been able to deal with the disciples of the sect easily.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Actually, there are many ways to deal with those sect disciples. If you fight those sect disciples face to face, you will naturally not be the opponent of those sect disciples. If you don't fight face to face with those sect disciples, When fighting against those sect disciples, if you just need to kill those sect disciples, there are actually many ways, you just need to know the strength of that sect disciple."

Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Brother, although you are very capable, I think you should be more careful. Those sect disciples have many tricks, even if they are from the same sect. People don’t necessarily know what tricks those sect disciples have, so you have to be careful.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, brother, don't worry, I will definitely be careful, you don't have to worry." Of course Zhao Hai is confident. With his current strength, it is too easy to kill those sect disciples. Well, he has too many ways to kill those sect disciples without exposing his own strength, so he has absolute confidence.

Hu Zhi looked at him and didn't know what to say, so he nodded and said, "Let's do this. I'll leave Xiaojiu and let him stay at home with you for a month. Do you think about what you should do normally?" Leave everything to him, and when you go to take the test, he can stay at home and help you take care of those children, what do you think?"

Zhao Hai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Okay, let Xiaojiu stay. He has good strength and a very caring heart. It is best to let him stay. I will also write something this month. Give these things to him, he doesn’t need to do anything, he just needs to take care of what I wrote and do it.”

When Hu Zhi heard what Zhao Hai said, he also nodded and said: "Okay, that's it. You go back and prepare. I'll tell Xiaojiu that we will leave tomorrow. Don't worry, we will be with you." We will definitely come back before going to the test." Hu Zhi is still very concerned about Zhao Hai's test this time. If Zhao Hai passes the test, it will be equivalent to joining the Hell Gate. In that case, he will be considered a true One of our own.

Zhao Hai responded, then saluted Hu Zhi, then turned around and left. Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai's back and sighed lightly. He still didn't have much confidence in Zhao Hai's test this time, because he was As a casual cultivator, even if his strength is good, when facing those sect disciples, he is naturally at a disadvantage, so as soon as he heard that the test Zhao Hai was going to accept was this, he felt His heart was sinking, and now it felt like there was a big stone weighing on his heart.

But no matter what, time will not stop and time passed quickly. Early the next morning, Hu Zhi and the others got up early and left the town early to carry out their second herb collection. However, Zhao Hai and Xiao Jiu stayed and started their daily work.

Xiao Jiu has been following Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai has never known Xiao Jiu's real name. He only knows that Xiao Jiu is very powerful. Among Hu Zhi and his group, his strength is the highest. He is definitely among the top five in the ranking. Recently, he has also used that bloody knife, which makes him even stronger.

He looked to be in his thirties, but his face was pale and beardless, and he looked very handsome. Although the clothes he wore were just the gray samurai uniforms often worn by casual cultivators, the clothes looked very handsome on him. , this is very rare, you must know that the gray samurai uniform is not good-looking.

Zhao Hai has been taking Xiao Jiu with him since preparing breakfast in the morning to let him get familiar with how many things he needs to do every day and what he needs to teach his children to learn every day. Xiao Jiu must know these things because he has to accept them. During times of testing, these children cannot stop practicing and learning.

Not only this, but there are many things that need to be explained. For example, when Hu Zhi and others go to collect medicine, what they need to prepare at home and what work they need to do must be explained clearly, otherwise, I am afraid that When Hu Zhi and others go to collect herbs next time, they may not even have the dry food to bring.

After Xiao Jiu followed Zhao Hai, he realized that Zhao Hai actually needed to do so many things every day. These things seemed inconspicuous, but if there was no one dedicated to do them, then those of them who went out to collect herbs would People will never live that comfortably.

In this way, Zhao Hai was busy training those children during the day, teaching those children to learn, and also taking care of things in the Gujian Gang, such as preparing wild vegetables, preparing food, preparing dried meat, etc. I am very busy every day with things in the field. At night, I have to write down everything I want to do in the future. I also have to write down everything I want to teach the children. I also have to write down the training progress of each child. When leaving, Xiaojiu took this thing and could take care of the children directly without making any mistakes.

At the same time, Zhao Hai was also in contact with Shi Jin and the others to see how Shi Jin and the others were doing. He felt that Shi Jin and the others were making good progress. They had now joined forces in various towns, and even Several people have already inquired about some things about Hell Gate. In some larger towns, the matter about Hell Gate is almost semi-public. Many people know about the existence of Hell Gate. The news about Hell Gate is also Very easy to find out.

However, in those towns, people who knew about Hell Gate only thought that they were a relatively powerful alliance of casual cultivators. No one knew how powerful they were. It can be said that in those places, Hell Gate was relatively powerful. It is relatively low-key, and no one really takes Hell Gate seriously, especially those from large sects.

Zhao Hai did not let Shi Jin and the others inquire too much about the Hell Gate, because he found that the current manager of the Hell Gate was definitely a smart man. The reason why he made the Hell Gate semi-open in those larger towns , in fact, it is to prevent those people from the sect from taking them seriously. If the people from the Hell Sect really remain mysterious and do not let others know about it, then those people from the sect will only need to find out about the Hell Sect. , they will get to the bottom of it immediately, because they don’t know what kind of organization this Hell Gate is, and they will definitely pursue it desperately.

However, the Hell Sect is semi-open in some large towns, so when those sects find out about the activities of Hell Sect disciples, they will not pursue it excessively. They will only think that it is a random incident. The vendetta between Xiu gangs would never have occurred to them that Hell Sect was annexing other gangs and developing and strengthening itself, so that they could develop under the noses of those sects.

Facing such a force, Zhao Hai is still very cautious. Now that he has the opportunity to join the Hell Gate, there is no need to go too far to inquire about the Hell Gate or attract the attention of the Hell Gate, so Zhao Hai told Shi Jin and the others not to inquire about the Hell Gate, so as not to attract the Hell Gate's attention, which would be troublesome.

In addition to paying attention to the situation of Shi Jin and others, Zhao Hai is also paying attention to the situation of the Blood Killing Sect. He is the only one among Shi Jin and others who can contact the Blood Killing Sect. He must pay attention to the Blood Killing Sect. After all, the Blood Killing Sect has just arrived in Wanshan Realm, and there are still many things to deal with. Although Wen Wenhai and the others are here, he must also pay attention to the situation of the Blood Killing Sect.

Fortunately, there were no accidents in the Blood Killing Sect. Everyone was doing well. The disciples of the sect were practicing hard. Everything was normal and nothing bad happened. Now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are adapting to their Dharma and the aura here, and are also studying the turbulent energy flow in the endless abyss. This is very important to the people of the Blood Killing Sect.