c7845 Sincerity

Here in Wanshan Realm, although casual cultivators have always been in a very weak position, the big sects are really inseparable from these casual cultivators. Many of the medicinal materials needed by those big sects are all made by these casual cultivators. Provided, without these casual cultivators, those large sects might not have so many medicinal materials to use.

In the past, the various sects here in Wanshan Realm didn't care about casual cultivators. They would kill them at will and didn't treat casual cultivators as human beings at all. Then something happened. A casual cultivator in a small town offended a sect. The shop he opened, the sect could not help but send out people to kill all the casual cultivators in that town. This incident caused a lot of commotion at the time. In the eyes of the disciples of the big sects, some casual cultivators Xiu, if you kill, just kill, it’s nothing special.

But what they didn't expect was that this incident would have a huge impact on the casual cultivator circle. The emotions that those casual cultivators had been pent up suddenly exploded. Those casual cultivators no longer went out to collect medicine, nor were they there. I went out to hunt. Even if I went out, I would only hunt and eat for myself instead of selling it. The shops opened by various sects in the small towns of casual cultivators suddenly became deserted. This made the people of those sects It was all unexpected.

It wasn't until those sects discovered that there was a huge gap in their sect's medicinal materials that they were completely insufficient. Then they knew something was wrong. People from each sect immediately raised the price, hoping to make those The casual cultivators started collecting herbs again, but unfortunately, those casual cultivators just refused to do it. They seemed to be determined not to do the casual cultivating anymore.

This incident finally alarmed the major sects headed by Tianxuan Sect. After those major sects learned about this incident, the first thing they did was to kill the sect that was killing innocent people indiscriminately, and then they published separate reports. It is stated that no sect will kill casual cultivators at will in the future. This matter is considered in the past. It can be said that this is the only victory for casual cultivators against the upper sect, and this victory has a very far-reaching impact. The attitude of the sect disciples towards casual cultivators has also improved a lot. Of course, many casual cultivators die at the hands of sect disciples every year. However, those sect disciples do not dare to be so obvious. There is a delicate balance maintained between the sects.

Each sect also has assessments for the stores it sends to each town. If the performance of your store continues to decline, then those who manage the store will be punished. It is precisely because of this, so When Zhao Hai said that when Xuanjia Sect was given a share, shopkeeper Chen would be so angry, because he had much less than other shops, and the sect would punish him if he didn't get it.

But now when he heard what Zhao Hai said, Shopkeeper Chen was speechless for a moment. Zhao Hai made it very clear that we are not to blame for this matter. It is your own fault. It is because you do not want to cooperate with us. Yes, so you can't be angry with me now. This made shopkeeper Chen itchy with anger, but there was nothing he could do to Zhao Hai.

Of course he can take action against the Ancient Sword Gang, but as long as he fails to kill all the people in the Ancient Sword Gang and this matter spreads, it will definitely be a big deal. If he really causes something big, If trouble breaks out, the Xuanjia Sect will definitely push him out as a scapegoat as soon as possible, so he must not do anything to Zhao Hai now.

Zhao Hai looked at Shopkeeper Chen, and then said in a deep voice: "Fellow shopkeepers, if you don't have any objections, then this matter has been settled. Our Ancient Sword Gang can come to Yuan Town and cooperate with you, Until the day our Ancient Sword Gang disappears, that is to say, as long as our Ancient Sword Gang exists, we will continue to cooperate, or we will cooperate in this way, what do you think?"

The other two shopkeepers of the Fat Shopkeeper all nodded. They felt very happy now. The Xuanjia Sect had always been suppressing them in Linyuan Town, but this time the Xuanjia Sect was taking the lead. He suffered a big loss, how could he not be happy about it. Even though they usually work together to lower the price of medicine in Linyuan Town, they are actually not friends. They even want to squeeze each other out so that they can dominate Linyuan Town. In the market, they are naturally very happy now that they see Xuanjia Sect's misfortune.

When Shopkeeper Chen heard what Zhao Hai said, his expression couldn't help but change. He looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Wait a minute, Mr. Zhao, our Xuanjia Sect also wants the same share as the other sects. I don't know. How to do it?" His words were already subdued. A disciple of the sect said such words to the casual cultivator. As expected, Shopkeeper Chen is also a person who can bend and stretch.

Of course, he mainly heard what Zhao Hai said, that is, the Ancient Sword Gang represented Linyuan Town and cooperated with them until the day when the news about the Ancient Sword Gang came out. This sentence sounded like there was nothing wrong with it. , but you can also understand it from another aspect, that is, if the Gu Jian Gang disappears, then naturally they cannot cooperate like this. This seems to be no problem, but whether it is Shopkeeper Fat or Shopkeeper Chen, They were all human spirits, and they understood the meaning of Zhao Hai's words. The reason why Zhao Hai said this actually had another meaning, that is, if the Xuanjia Sect eliminated the Ancient Sword Gang, then the other few Naturally, the share of the shop was gone, and they returned to the way they were before. This was something that the other shopkeepers did not want to see. Therefore, if the Xuanjia Sect wanted to deal with the Ancient Sword Gang, even if the other sects did not Even if they object on the surface, they can use some tricks behind the scenes. In this way, it will not be an easy task for Xuanjia Sect to destroy the Gujian Gang.

It was precisely because he thought of this that Shopkeeper Chen immediately relented. He had no status in the sect, otherwise he would not have been sent to Linyuan Town to be a shopkeeper. Well, even if he wants to ask the sect to deal with the Ancient Sword Gang, the sect may not agree. The sect has so many things to do, so he has time to focus on such trivial matters. It is precisely because of this, so Shopkeeper Chen immediately relented, because if the share of medicinal materials he gave to the sect became lower, he would be punished by the sect.

Zhao Hai looked at Shopkeeper Chen, smiled slightly and said: "Shopkeeper Chen really wants to cooperate with us? If Shopkeeper Chen really wants to cooperate with us, it's not impossible, as long as Shopkeeper Chen shows sincerity. Yes, our original plan was to divide the medicinal materials we obtained into five parts, one for each of your four families, and the remaining part would be given to the small shops in the town. Those small shops also make a living, and We actually can't afford to offend them, so dividing them like this is the fairest. If Shopkeeper Chen can show sincerity, we can just cooperate in this way."

Shopkeeper Chen was stunned for a moment when he heard what Zhao Hai said. Then he immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. He took a deep look at Zhao Hai and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, sir, please wait a moment." After saying that, he turned around and left, but Zhao Hai did not move. Instead, he picked up the tea bowl on the table and took a sip of the tea in the tea bowl.

Several other people in the room were all staring at him. Seeing Zhao Hai's appearance, the smile on the face of the fat shopkeeper couldn't help but fade, and then he showed a smile again, and he cupped his fist at Zhao Hai. He said: "Sir, you are very clever. This trick of borrowing a knife to kill someone is really beautiful. But by doing this, aren't you afraid of offending shopkeeper Chen to death?"

Zhao Hai smiled at the fat shopkeeper and said: "The shopkeeper is joking, I never thought of offending shopkeeper Chen. On the contrary, I am helping shopkeeper Chen. There may be many more cooperations between us in the future. If If shopkeeper Chen’s subordinates are all like that, how can we safely cooperate with them in the future? After all, what does a little boy mean in the eyes of shopkeepers? Their approach is just It will ruin the reputation of all the shopkeepers. Today they have offended us. If they offend some great people in the future, then they will lose more than just a share of medicinal materials. Is this what I am saying?"

When the fat shopkeeper and others heard what Zhao Hai said, their faces changed slightly. Although they said that the sky is high and the emperor is far away, this does not mean that the sect will ignore them. In fact, their sect will also send People monitor them, sometimes openly, and sometimes through secret visits. If those guys are being unreasonable to the people of the sect during the sect's secret visits, even they will be in trouble.

And what Zhao Hai said is very right, that is, a little guy, for them, it is nothing, just kill him, no one will take a second look or say one more word, especially the sect. I can't even deal with it, so it is definitely the most cost-effective to deal with a guy and get back the share of medicinal materials.

But Hu Zhi, the candidate, was dumbfounded. He was still angry with Xiao Zhi before and wanted to teach Xiao Zhi a lesson, but before he could take action, Zhao Hai already wanted him with just a few words. Xiao Zhi's life was at stake. He was sure that Xiao Zhi was dead. Shopkeeper Chen would definitely not let him go. But to be honest, Hu Zhi had never thought about taking Xiao Zhi's life. He felt that Zhao Hai was so Doing it seems to be a bit too much.

He just wanted to speak, but when he thought of Shopkeeper Chen walking out angrily, he shut his mouth. He knew that it was too late to say anything now. He was afraid that Shopkeeper Chen had already taken action. When he thought of this , he couldn't help but sigh secretly in his heart. Only then did he realize that in this world, sometimes killing people can really be done without a knife.

Just when everyone was silent, the door of the room was pushed open once, and a smell of blood came. Shopkeeper Chen walked in with a head in his hand. His face was calm, and he just held the head in his hand. The man walked up to Zhao Hai and put the head on the small table next to Zhao Hai. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Mr. Zhao, do you think I am satisfied with my sincerity?"

Zhao Hai looked at the bloody head. There was no change on his face. Instead, he smiled slightly. He picked up the head and took a closer look. Then he said to Shopkeeper Chen, "I have seen Shopkeeper Chen's sincerity." Here it is, okay, the share of the medicinal materials can be divided into five parts as I said before, each of the four will get one share, and the remaining share will be handled by our Gujian Helper."