c7840 pickles

Early the next morning, when Zhao Hai got up, he found that Hu Zhi and the others had left. In fact, Zhao Hai also knew when Hu Zhi and the others left, but he did not get up. Hu Zhi and the others obviously did not want to disturb Zhao Hai. Hai and the others, so they just left quietly, making very quiet noises when they left.

After Zhao Hai got up, he went to the cafeteria as usual. Aunt Liu and Aunt Wu were preparing breakfast. However, they did not prepare much breakfast today because most of the people in the town had already left. The ones left behind were all old and weak, so there was no need to cook too much food.

As soon as Aunt Liu and the others saw Zhao Hai coming, they immediately saluted Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai also returned the salute, and then said: "Aunt Liu, Aunt Wu, although everyone has left now, we still have a lot to do. Yes, I plan to take the children into the woods for training this afternoon. You will also come with me. We will pick more wild vegetables and come back. I am going to pickle all these wild vegetables and use them as wild vegetables later. After the season is over, we still have to eat. Do you think so?" This is what Zhao Hai thinks. He wants to make some pickles and save them for later when the wild vegetables are out of season and cannot be eaten. They can still have a bite. It is good to eat vegetables, even if it is just some pickled vegetables.

When Aunt Liu and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, their eyes lit up. Aunt Liu even said: "Sect Master, I wonder how we are going to make these pickles?" They had never made pickles before. Most of the time, they were used to earn spiritual stones or fill their stomachs, so they really had never made pickles.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "I can teach you this, but pickling vegetables requires a lot of salt. We have to buy a lot of salt. We will talk about this later. We have to pick the vegetables first. ." Aunt Liu and the others didn't ask any more questions, they all responded.

After Lanka and the others got up, Zhao Hai still took them to train. After training, he took them to eat. This time, all the remaining people in the town came to eat. Now all the remaining people in the town are old and weak. There were only more than a hundred people in total, which was not a large number of people. Most of them followed Hu Zhi.

When leaving for dinner, Zhao Hai arranged a task. Among the remaining people, some old people who knew some carpentry skills should go with him to the woods. He was going to collect some trees to make barrels. Those who are craftsmen should go to the fields and look at the fields. Don't let monsters destroy the fields. If there are grasses and insects in the fields, they should be removed as soon as possible. Of course, you don't have to go every day. If you don't No matter what, you can also clean up the town, help those who have left, repair their houses, or do other things.

Naturally, everyone agreed. They were not lazy people. The reason why they did not leave with the herb collection team was because they really couldn't do the job anymore. Some of the old people were because they were old, and some of them were because they had some diseases. Injury, there is no way to do such a job anymore. It is precisely because of this that they are even more afraid that they will be disliked by others. They all want to have something to do, so now that they heard that Zhao Hai assigned them a task, they actually Very happy.

After assigning tasks, Zhao Hai did not let everyone take action in the morning. Everyone still went about their own business. The most important thing was to go to the fields to prevent any monsters from destroying the things in the fields. . Some people may find it strange that they have just planted the fields and the seedlings have not grown yet. What is there to waste? In fact, this is not the case. Don’t forget, their fields are now equivalent to being in the wild, and here There are a lot of monsters in the field, and although the fields are planted, there must be seeds for farming. Some monsters just like to eat those seeds. They will dig those seeds out of the ground and eat them. If so, they won't gain anything.

It is precisely because of this that they must be careful and not let those wild beasts destroy the land they farm, so they need to send people to watch it. Of course, they can't always send people to guard the fields. That would be too dangerous. In this world, humans don't have an overwhelming advantage over monsters. If one person doesn't do it right, people may He was killed by wild beasts, so they only sent people to watch for a little bit, but not all the time.

In the afternoon, Zhao Hai led many people in the town to leave the town. After they left, the town was almost empty in an instant. There were almost no people in the whole town. It was like a ghost town. This The remaining people in the town were very unaccustomed to it, and the people in the big stores were all the same. They looked out from time to time, looking at the empty town, and their faces were all exposed. He had a strange look on his face.

Old Liu Tou looked at the empty town with a hint of ancient smile on his face. He had an unusual relationship with Zhao Hai and they naturally knew about the recent changes of the Gujian Gang. It was precisely because he knew that he He had such an expression on his face. He really couldn't imagine that the people in the town, after being integrated by the Gujian Gang, would end up like this. Is this integration a good thing or a bad thing? That's really hard to say.

After Zhao Hai led everyone to the woods, he directly told everyone that there were wild herbs that needed to be collected, and the leaves of those trees could also be collected, because the leaves of some trees were edible and tasted pretty good. The most important thing One thing is that they can also pick some fungi, but they must be careful when picking them, because some of those fungi are poisonous.

Whether it is the children or the old people, they all look very happy. What they picked today may become food on their tables tomorrow, and these things are all made by their own hands, which makes them very happy. Happy, they finally feel that they are no longer a useless person.

Of course, at the same time, Zhao Hai also asked those who were good at carpentry to cut down some trees that could be used to make barrels, and the more trees the better. Naturally, those people were not polite and cut down a lot of big trees. , and then directly cut it into segments and put it in your own space.

The afternoon passed quickly. When it was about to get dark, Zhao Hai took everyone back to the town. After letting everyone go about their own business, Zhao Hai went directly to Old Liu Tou, like Old Liu Tou. Liu Tou bought a lot of salt. Not only did he buy up all the salt from Old Liu Tou, he also bought up all the salt from several other shops. This made him have everything in his hands at once. A lot of salt.

Today, the little black demon hunted some more prey, not a lot. Zhao Hai just asked Aunt Liu and the others to cook them all. They just ate them yesterday. He had not thought about leaving them for Hu Zhi and the others. There is no need. Hu Zhi and the others will definitely catch their prey after they go out, so there is no need to leave these things for them.

By the time Zhao Hai brought all the salt back to the canteen, Aunt Liu and the others had already started cooking. However, their cooking was very simple. They just put the polygonatum and other things into the pot, so that they would have time to cook other things. Yes, Zhao Hai asked them to clean the wild vegetables they picked and then put them in the sun.

While waiting for dinner, Zhao Hai directly told those who knew carpentry skills that starting tomorrow, they would not have to do anything else but make wooden barrels at home, and they were big wooden barrels. The more the better, these wooden barrels It's best to have lids on the buckets. These wooden buckets will be used for drowning vegetables in the future.

Early the next morning, Zhao Hai still took the children to train, while others were also busy with their own things. Some dishes needed to be dried for a while, but some dishes did not need to be marinated directly, so everyone was very busy. In the afternoon, everyone went into the woods to pick again. Zhao Hai even designated some wild vegetables and decided to save the seeds. They would also grow some vegetables in the future, and no one objected.

Today, there are many people making wooden barrels in the small town. Everyone is very busy. Although they are very busy, their hearts are full of hope, because they feel that their days now seem to have a head start. They have a goal. Unlike before, they lived just to live. It is different now. Although they may be busier than before, they see hope and they hope to make their lives better, so They are very motivated.

Zhao Hai looked at them without saying anything. He was very satisfied with the performance of these people. What satisfied him the most was actually the training speed of Lanka and Niu Li. Lanka's current training has already After seeing the results, he has already digested part of the spiritual energy in his body, and the spiritual energy that has been digested by him has allowed him to touch the edge of the Dharma. Zhao Hai can be sure that after a period of time, Lanka will be able to cultivate. After practicing the Dharma, it shouldn't take long to enter the realm of three talents, because that kind of fruit is really of great help to Lanka.

The situation of the little black demon is similar. He can almost touch the edge of the Dharma. As for what the little black demon's Dharma is, Zhao Hai really doesn't know. Everyone's Dharma can only be seen after it is formed. No one can see clearly what the appearance is before it is formed. Therefore, Zhao Hai does not know what the appearance of the little black demon is. He does not even know what the appearance of Lanka is. .

And Niu Li's training is also very smooth. Although his talent is not as good as Lanka, who has eaten the treasures of heaven and earth, he is also the fastest among all the children. His monkey stake is really It was perfect for him. Zhao Hai estimated that he would be able to touch the edge of the Dharma in less than half a year. Such a speed would definitely be very fast.

Zhao Hai really cares about these children. The reason why he cares about these children is because he knows very well that no matter what the adults here in Linyuan Town do in the future, these children will definitely They joined the Blood Killing Sect, so it is very necessary to lay a good foundation for them now, so Zhao Hai's requirements for these children are naturally more stringent.