c7848 test

In the next few days, people from the Ancient Sword Sect were still very busy, but what surprised Zhao Hai and Hu Zhi was that the people from those big stores were very polite to them and didn't have any objection at all. This made Zhao Hai and Hu Zhi a little puzzled. They thought they had offended those shops. .

In fact, Zhao Hai and the others did think too much. The people in those shops really didn't hate them because there was no need at all. They purchased medicinal materials from the Ancient Sword Sect without raising the price, and the output was still large. Well, what else do they have to be angry about? In fact, they have now discovered that cooperation with the Ancient Sword Sect seems to have great benefits. It is too late for them to be happy, so how can they be angry.

Zhao Hai and the others didn't just sell things to those four shops. They also bought some things from there, such as large quantities of grain and salt, and some other things. These things can be found in ordinary small shops. There aren't that many, so they can only buy from those four big stores.

Of course, they did not forget those small shops. They also bought some of the things in the small shops. Of course, they also sold some. In short, this place in Linyuan Town is hello, me, hello, everyone. Everyone is happy, naturally. There is no conflict anymore, so Zhao Hai and the others' worries are indeed a bit unnecessary.

Zhao Hai and the others were worried that those big stores would deal with them. In fact, they were wrong. It would not be easy for those stores to deal with them. If Zhao Hai and the others really dared to deal with those few If the big shop is destroyed, then Xuanjia Sect and other sects will definitely deal with Zhao Hai and the others, because if they don't deal with Zhao Hai and the others, their prestige will be affected, and they will have no way to control others in the future. , so they want to establish their authority.

But if they just let the sect send people to destroy the other party just because they dislike it, they are not that domineering. The most important thing is that if they really destroy the Ancient Sword Sect, then the output of medicinal materials here will be It will immediately drop to the original level. This is not what they want to see. Now that the production of their medicinal materials has increased, it is of great benefit to them. In this case, they have no reason to deal with Gu. Jian Zong.

In fact, Linyuan Town is just a small town that is not taken seriously by people. These disciples who are sent here to visit the shop are also unpopular disciples among the various sects. They are among the sects. Their abilities are very limited. If they are killed, the people in their sect may avenge them depending on the situation. If they want to expect, with their current status, to command the people in the sect to vent their anger for them, it is better to wash their hands. Go to sleep and stop dreaming.

Moreover, these people have no hope of immortality and have no hope of practicing. The reason why they stay here is only for some rewards from the sect and the spiritual stones. They have now become businessmen. But now that the supply volume given to them by the Ancient Sword Sect has increased, the price has not increased. Not only can they exceed the sect's tasks and receive rewards, but they can also earn a lot more spiritual stones. Then they still have What's not satisfying? Could it be that just for the sake of one breath, the Ancient Sword Sect was wiped out and then returned to the previous days? They are not happy about it. The characteristic of businessmen is that profit comes first. They don't care whether the other party offends them, as long as it can bring them benefits.

Zhao Hai and the others found that there was no action in the four major stores, and they felt a little relieved. The entire Ancient Sword Sect was preparing for the second collection of herbs. This time, because they had more time to prepare, they The more things they prepared were like luggage. When Hu Zhi and the others went out in the past, although they also brought luggage, it was usually very simple, because in the woods, ordinary luggage could not be used at all. The woods The moisture inside is very heavy. If ordinary luggage is taken to the woods, it will get wet very quickly and cannot be used anymore.

But this time, the luggage that Zhao Hai prepared for them was all animal skins. Of course, these animal skins were all ordinary monster animal skins, which were not worth much. With these animal skins, they were in the woods. , you will live more comfortably. Of course, although animal skin can be moisture-proof, it cannot be 100% moisture-proof. Zhao Hai also prepared a raincoat for everyone. This is the real good thing.

The coir raincoat is actually a piece of clothing made of straw, but it can be used as a raincoat. It is also very warm and has a certain moisture-proof effect, so Zhao Hai prepared a coir raincoat for each of them. In this way, even if they encounter rainy days in the woods, they don't have to get wet.

Except for the clothes that caused things, the rest was dry food. The dry food Zhao Hai prepared for them this time was very rich, including big cakes. This time the big cakes were not just multi-grain cakes, but there were also Some vegetable leaves, which taste better, some pickled vegetables, some dried vegetables, and most importantly, some dried meat.

The last time Hu Zhi and the others collected herbs, they not only got some medicinal materials, but most importantly, they also killed a lot of prey, and all of these prey were monster beasts. These monster beasts can be exchanged for spiritual stones. They have all been replaced with spirit stones, but the remaining animal meat has been retained.

Some of the animal meat they left behind was given to Ke Lai Xuan and Yun Lai Inn, while the other part was kept by himself. Zhao Hai made some dried meat. He originally wanted to make some dried meat in the past few days. It is absolutely impossible to make dried meat, but they have skills, which speeds up the production of dried meat. So this time Hu Zhi and the others can bring more abundant things. To be honest, Zhao Hai and the others Being able to achieve this level of success really surprised Hu Zhi and the others.

Just the day before what Hu Zhi said was going to be revealed, Hu Zhi suddenly received a message. The boss of Ke Laixuan asked Hu Zhi to come over. Hu Zhi knew what it was as soon as he heard it. It must be Zhao Hai's matter. Having an idea, Hu Zhi didn't dare to neglect, and immediately rushed to Ke Laixuan.

After arriving at the backyard of Ke Laixuan, the old man directly invited him into the room. After the two sat down, the old man looked at Hu Zhi and said in a deep voice: "There is news from the door. I agree that Zhao Ying can join the door. But you have to pass the test in the door. The test will be in a month. You asked Zhao Ying to prepare. As for what the test will be, we don’t know yet. We won’t know until the time of the test."

When Hu Zhi heard what he said, he couldn't help but feel happy. He looked at the old man and said, "Yes, sir, I will definitely know Zhao Ying. Sir, can I ask what the tests in the sect were like in the past? Do you know?" Hu Zhi really wanted to know what the previous tests of Hell Gate were like, so that Zhao Hai could make some preparations in advance.

The old man looked at Hu Zhi, with a very complicated expression on his face, and he said: "There is nothing I can't say. The test in the door used to be very simple. It was to give those who wanted to participate in the test a task, and let them Go kill a sect disciple, and a designated sect disciple."

When Hu Zhi heard what the old man said, his expression couldn't help but change. He looked at the old man and said, "Sir, does that mean that this time Zhao Ying's test is also about killing a sect disciple?" He was very worried. Clearly, if Menli really uses such a test to test Zhao Hai, what does it mean? It would be too dangerous.

In fact, this test is not only dangerous, it is also equivalent to a testimonial. Think about it, if you kill a sect disciple, the sect will definitely pursue it, and at the same time, it is equivalent to giving the handle to the Hell Sect. If In the future, if you want to leave Hell Gate, the people at Hell Gate will threaten you with this kind of thing, and then you may not be able to leave even if you want to.

The old man looked at Hu Zhi and said in a deep voice: "It is very possible that this is the practice of the sect." The old man knew very well what this meant, but the old man knew even more clearly that in fact Zhao Hai had no choice now. If he If he dares to say that he will not accept this test of Hell Gate, the people of Hell Gate will still kill him, because he already knows the existence of Hell Gate. In this case, if he dares to say that he will not join Hell Gate, In order to keep it secret, the Hell Gate would definitely kill him.

Hu Zhi's expression changed several times, and finally he looked at the old man and said, "It's too late to regret now, isn't it?" Hu Zhi was not an idiot, so he already knew what the situation was now just by thinking about it. That's why he asked. Although he already had the answer in his mind, he still asked.

The old man nodded and said nothing. Hu Zhi's face suddenly turned very pale. Finally, he smiled bitterly, gave the old man a fist, then turned and left. When he got outside the room, Hu Zhi looked up at the sky, finally took a deep breath, calmed down his emotions, and then walked out.

Soon Hu Zhi returned to his yard and immediately had Zhao Hai called to his room. When Zhao Hai arrived at Hu Zhi's room, he found that Hu Zhi's face was very ugly. He looked at Hu Zhi with some confusion and said: "Brother, what's wrong with you? But what's the matter? If you need anything, just give me orders." .”

Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai and couldn't help but smile bitterly. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Brother, it's my brother and I'm sorry for you. I shouldn't have let you join the Hell Gate. It's your brother and I'm sorry for you." Here, Hu Zhi lowered his head involuntarily. He really felt that he was ashamed to see Zhao Hai.

His words made Zhao Hai stunned. Zhao Hai looked at Hu Zhi with some confusion, otherwise he said: "Brother, what is going on? Do you have confidence in me about joining the Hell Gate? Doesn't it need to be tested? Is it? Oh, did you pass some test? Is it difficult? Is it dangerous?" Zhao Hai had already guessed what was going on when he saw Hu Zhi's look.

Hu Zhi nodded, then he smiled bitterly at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, I'm really sorry for you. I just received a notice from the sect. In one month, you will be tested by the sect. I Originally I didn’t know what kind of test the sect would give you, but now I know that the test the sect will give you is most likely to ask you to kill a disciple of the sect. Is it that disciple of that sect? I really don’t know about this, brother, I’m sorry for you.”