c7842 recommend

Zhao Hai also guessed this. If the Hell Gate is really that sect, there is no need to hide it, because here in the Wanshan Realm, there is no such thing as good and evil. In the Wanshan Realm, the devil The sect also occupies a large proportion, but its strength is no worse than that of the Zhengdao sect.

In the Wanshan Realm, the recognized first sect of the righteous path is the Tianxuan Sect, but this recognition is actually recognized by the Buddhist sect of the righteous path. Among the demon sects, they do not think that the Tianxuan Sect is the largest sect in the Wanshan Realm. In the minds of Demon Sect disciples, the largest sect in Wanshan Realm should be Tianmo Sect.

But unlike the Righteous Sect, the Demon Sect has always been mysterious, and can even be said to be secretive. Therefore, even the Righteous Sect does not know much about the power of the Demon Sect, and the Tianmo Sect is even more mysterious. People here in the mountain world only know that the Heavenly Demon Sect is very powerful, and there are many masters in the sect. No one knows exactly how many masters there are, but one thing is certain, that is the strength of the Heavenly Demon Sect. I'm afraid It will not be worse than Tianxuan Sect.

If Hell Sect is really the Demonic Sect, there is no need for them to be so mysterious. Even if people know that they are members of Hell Sect, it will not be a big deal. The Righteous Sect will not care about those casual cultivators. life and death, and the behavior style of the people in the Demon Sect is somewhat similar to that of the Shadow Clan. They will not be soft on killing people, so they are even less likely to let go of the old beggar Shi Jin met before. , so Zhao Hai had long thought that if the Hell Gate was not managed well, it might be an alliance of casual cultivators. Now when he heard what Hu Zhi said, it was indeed the case.

Hu Zhi glanced at Zhao Hai, and then said in a deep voice: "We have never known the existence of Hell Gate before. Until the last time, we were attacked by Qiu Wanqian and had to withdraw from Linyuan City. The people of Hell Gate, Only then did they send people to contact us and let us become peripheral members of the Hell Gate. Ke Laixuan and Yunlai Inn were the people who placed the Hell Gate here in Linyuan Town to inspect us. After a long period of inspection, they , felt that we were suitable to join the Hell Gate, so we joined the Hell Gate, otherwise we would not have been able to recover from our injuries so quickly and return to Linyuan Town."

Zhao Hai looked at Hu Zhi with some confusion and said: "But brother, when you returned to the town, you didn't seem to know that Qiu Wanqian and the others were killed by me. If they were from Hell Gate, why didn't you Shall I tell you the news? Or did you know that Qiu Wanqian was killed by me from the beginning?"

Hu Zhi shook his head and said: "We really don't know about Qiu Wanqian being killed by you. We are just peripheral members of Hell Sect, and it is impossible to get too much information. At that time, people from Hell Sect contacted us and gave us treatment. After we were injured, he left us a message. He said that if we want to join Hell Gate, there is one last test. That is, after our injuries are healed, let us return to Linyuan Town and take revenge on them. Clean it up and regain control of Linyuan Town. Then we will contact the people at Ke Lai Xuan and Yun Lai Inn. We can get information from them in the future. Then they left without giving it to us. Any information, so when we returned to Linyuan Town, we didn’t know the situation in Linyuan Town, nor did we know the situation of Qiu Wanqian.”

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at Hu Zhi and said, "Brother, have you contacted the people from Ke Laixuan? Are you considered a member of the Hell Sect now?" Zhao Hai was still very concerned about this matter. Concerned, if he really becomes a formal member of Hell Gate, it will be good for him. He can get more information about Hell Gate from Hu Zhi. If he can join Hell Gate, then Better.

Hu Zhi nodded and said: "We have already contacted them. We are already considered peripheral members of Hell Gate. You don't have to worry about this. I am telling you this just to ask for your opinion. I want What do you think about joining Hell Gate?" After Hu Zhi finished speaking, he looked at Zhao Hai intently, waiting for Zhao Hai's answer.

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, his eyes lit up, and he immediately said: "Is it okay, brother? Can I join the Hell Gate?" This is actually what Zhao Hai wants the most. He wants to join the Hell Gate the most. But he didn't dare to bring it up himself, because the Hell Gate was so mysterious. If he brought it up, it might arouse the other party's suspicion. Now that Hu Zhi had brought it up himself, he was relieved, and he looked excited. , in fact, it is not all pretending.

When Hu Zhi heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately smiled and said: "Of course, you can join the Hell Gate, but your situation is a bit special, because the people from the Hell Gate have not treated you for a long time. Test, so if you want to join Hell Gate, you must pass their test. Only after passing their test can you officially join Hell Gate. As for what the test is, I really don’t know. .”

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "I'm not afraid of tests or anything like that. I just want to know how I can join the Hell Sect. To be honest, I really don't have a good impression of those big sects at all. Brother, what do you think I should do?" Only then can I let the people in Hell Gate know that I want to join Hell Gate.”

Hu Zhi smiled and said: "This is actually very simple. Ke Laixuan is a contact point for Hell Sect. I will contact the people there. I have the authority to recommend you to join Hell Sect. When the time comes, I will contact them directly. Just recommend you, and you can join Hell Gate, but you still have to be careful about the test."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, brother, don't worry. You don't have to worry about the test. As long as you can help me recommend it." Zhao Hai is really curious about this hell gate now. He also I really want to join this Hell Gate earlier and know what kind of organization this Hell Gate is.

Hu Zhi nodded, and then he said in a deep voice: "I will handle this matter. Just listen to the news. Next, let's talk about what we have to do. This time we have gained a lot. We have hunted a lot of prey and collected a lot of medicinal materials. We are now going to negotiate terms with those big shops. Brother, how do you think I should negotiate with them?"

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Let's talk directly. When we find them, we will tell them that we have a batch of medicinal materials and monster beasts in hand that we want to sell to them. We will make appointments with all the shopkeepers from several shops, and then we will Tell them directly that we will sell these things to them according to the market price. If they lower the price, then they will not be able to receive a medicinal material or a monster item in Linyuan Town from now on. I want them to Then we will know what to do. If they still don’t agree, then we can use another method, which is to find four of them separately to see which one is willing to cooperate with us and which one is willing to cooperate with us. Just sell everything to them. If they are still unwilling to cooperate with us, then we will go directly to other towns. But if it really comes to that step, then we will have to cooperate with several of their stores. , are completely broken, and we have to be careful of their revenge. By the way, if several of their stores don’t cooperate with us, then we can write to Hell Gate and ask them to help us get those herbs and monsters. All the items have been disposed of, but in that case, the result will be the same as selling it to other towns, so we must be careful then."

Hu Zhi nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Brother, you come with me, just the two of us. Let's go meet the shopkeepers in the shop. Those shopkeepers all have their eyes high. They usually They don’t even take a serious look at us, so I really don’t know whether things will succeed this time.”

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said in a deep voice: "Okay, no problem, brother, shall we go now? Although it is very late now, those shops are not closed. We can go and meet them. What do you think?" Now It is indeed getting late, but it is still late. What Zhao Hai said is very late, but that is relatively speaking. In fact, it is only about nine o'clock in the evening, so Zhao Hai wants to go and meet those people now. The shopkeeper of a big store. "

Hu Zhi stood up and said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's go now. Scar, you go and prepare. If we really fall out with those big stores, and if there is any conflict, you should be ready at any time." Prepare for support, brother, let's go." After saying that, he walked out and Zhao Hai quickly followed.

The two soon arrived in front of a large store. This large store was Xuanming Armor Store. This store was the store of Xuanjia Sect and was also the largest grocery store in Linyuan Town. It seems very low-level to call it a grocery store, but that's actually what they do. They collect all kinds of groceries and buy all kinds of things that casual repairmen need. So in the final analysis, this store is actually a general store.

The store was indeed open. Hu Zhi stood in front of the store, took a look at the store, and then took a deep breath. To be honest, at this time, he was really a little nervous. After all, he knew, There was a sect behind this store, so he was still a little nervous when facing this store.

Zhao Hai was not nervous at all. He followed Hu Zhi into the store. As soon as the people in the store saw the two of them, a waiter came up to them. He clasped his fists at the two and said, "I've seen these two guests, no?" Do you know what the two guest officers need?" The guy was actually very rude when he cupped his fists, because when they cupped their fists, they didn't bend their bodies or lower their heads, they just gave them a casual cup of fists. , to be honest, such an attitude is definitely not a good one.

When Hu Zhi saw the man's actions, he couldn't help but feel angry. He glanced at the man and snorted coldly: "Xiao Zhi, I didn't expect you to be successful now. Seeing my brother He didn’t even say hello, and once he showed up, he really didn’t recognize him.”

Hu Zhi really knew that guy. His name was Xiaozhi, and he was also from Linyuan Town. He had grown up in Linyuan Town since he was a child. He was very clever. Hu Zhi was much older than him. He was said to be His elders couldn't be more exaggerated. Xiaozhi often played with him when he was a child, but he didn't expect that when he saw him now, he would be like this.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.