c7847 recommend

Early the next morning, after morning classes and breakfast, Zhao Hai took the children for training. Now he no longer has to watch Lanka and their training. The content of their training will not be much in a short time. Zhao Hai only needs to watch for a little change.

But at this time, Hu Zhi retained all the people in charge of every household in the town, and then distributed money. There were only more than a hundred households in the town, and each household's previous monthly income might be as much as There were less than ten spirit stones, but this time each of their families was allocated more than sixty spirit stones, which made everyone extremely excited. They never expected that just one action would get such a big reward. , which surprised them so much.

Hu Zhi told everyone that the time for the next action was coming soon, and asked everyone to go back and be prepared. He would inform everyone when they would take action. After everyone left, Hu Zhi came to the Kelai Xuan Hotel because It was daytime, so not many people were eating here.

Everyone in the town has now joined the Ancient Sword Sect. Although everyone has been given spiritual stones, they are still happy and have just had breakfast. Naturally, they will not come to Ke Lai Xuan for dinner. No. Guoke Laixuan is already open, and the guys are cleaning the store.

As soon as he saw Hu Zhi coming in, a waiter immediately came up to him, saluted Hu Zhi and said, "I've met your Excellency. I wonder what your instructions are?" There were very few people in the town who didn't know Hu Zhi. , coupled with the special status of the people here in Ke Laixuan, of course they knew who Hu Zhi was.

Hu Zhi glanced at the waiter, smiled slightly and said, "I'm here to eat. Are there any hell snails for sale?" Hell snails are a kind of conch. This kind of conch tastes very good, but it grows in the deep sea. It is usually very difficult to catch, not to mention here in Linyuan Town, I am afraid that all the casual cultivators have never eaten hell snails.

When the shop clerk heard what Hu Zhi said, he immediately understood what he meant, and he immediately said: "Returning to the guest officer, we really have a few hell snails here, but to eat hell snails, you must Drink Abyss Wine, which we really don’t have in our store.” Of course their store doesn’t have this Abyss Wine, not just in their store, but in the entire Wanshan Realm, because there is no such kind of wine at all, this is just for Used for passwords.

Hu Zhi smiled slightly and said: "It doesn't matter, I have it." This is also the last sentence of the secret code. This secret code is actually very simple, with only four sentences, and only if the general meaning is correct. It does not mean that there must be one sentence. The words couldn't be wrong, so the two of them now looked like they were having an ordinary conversation, with nothing out of the ordinary.

When the clerk heard what Hu Zhi said, he immediately saluted Hu Zhi and said, "Sir, please come in." Hu Zhi nodded and followed the clerk to the store. The two of them went straight to the back of the store and arrived quickly. In the yard behind the store, the waiter then led Hu Zhi directly to the door of a house. Then the waiter knocked gently on the door, and then said in a deep voice: "The shopkeeper, an old friend is visiting." After that, Stepped aside.

A voice came from the room: "Who is it? Come in." Hu Zhi was not polite, opened the door and walked in. As soon as he entered the room, he saw an old man in his fifties, standing Looking at him there, the old man's voice seemed very careless when he said come in before, but now it seemed like a leopard staring at its prey, his expression looked extremely nervous. When he saw it was Hu Zhi, he relaxed. Take a breath.

Hu Zhi saluted the old man. The old man looked at Hu Zhi and just nodded. Then he said in a deep voice, "Sit down. Why did you come to me today?" The old man had already confirmed Hu Zhi's identity before. He knew his identity, knew that he was one of his own, and also knew that Hu Zhi would never come to him if nothing happened, so he asked like this.

When speaking to people like them, they should be as brief as possible without any nonsense, because talking too much nonsense may increase the danger. It is precisely because of this that the old man asked Hu Zhi straight to the point. What the hell is going on, everything is done in the simplest way.

Hu Zhi said in a deep voice: "That's it. I think you, sir, should know about Zhao Ying. Although his identity is somewhat unknown, I have seen it these days. He is indeed a talent, and he has great influence on those sects." , It’s very shameless, I want to recommend him to get started, I wonder if that’s okay?”

When the old man heard what Hu Zhi said, he couldn't help being slightly stunned. Then he glanced at Hu Zhi and said in a deep voice: "Are you serious? Although you are qualified to recommend people to enter the door, if this person If there is a problem, you will be held accountable." Hell Gate still has certain requirements for admitting people. Just like Hu Zhi and others, they were people who passed through Hell Gate and only allowed it after a long period of observation. They came in, but they didn't expect that Hu Zhi would recommend Zhao Hai to come in now.

Hu Zhi immediately nodded and said: "Yes, of course I am serious. I think Zhao Ying is very capable, and his hatred for those sects is real. I think we should not give up on this." People." Hu Zhi was indeed serious, and he indeed believed that Zhao Hai should join Hell Gate.

When the old man heard what Hu Zhi said, he couldn't help but frowned. Then he looked at Hu Zhi and said, "You have to know that we have not investigated Zhao Ying. His origins can be said to be unclear. Like If such a person wants to join our Hell Gate, he must accept the test in the gate, and such a test is actually very dangerous. Do you really think he can do it?"

Hu Zhi immediately said: "I think he can definitely do it. Please report it." Hu Zhi really wanted to make Zhao Hai one of their own, so he said this. The old man looked at Hu Zhi , also knowing that Hu Zhi was determined, he nodded and said: "Okay, I will report it, you go back and wait for the news."

Hu Zhi responded, stood up, saluted to the old man, then turned and left. After Hu Zhi left, the old man looked at Hu Zhi's back and couldn't help but frowned. He still knew something about Zhao Hai. In fact, after Zhao Hai came to Linyuan Town and became Lanka's master, he noticed Zhao Hai. He also sent people to check Zhao Hai to see where Zhao Hai came from, but it turned out that It is a pity that they have never found out the origin of Zhao Hai. This person seems to appear out of thin air. This makes the people at Hell Gate very surprised, because they really can't figure out, Zhao Hai Where does the sea come from?

Now Hu Zhi has recommended Zhao Hai to the Hell Gate. This matter is indeed beyond his imagination. He feels that this matter must be reported. How the Gate decides in the end is beyond his control. Thinking of this, he couldn't help but go back to his bedroom at the back, and then took out a teleportation array, and then took out a jade slip, and placed the jade slip on the teleportation array. A white light flashed on the teleportation array, and the jade slip disappeared. .

His teleportation array is similar to the teleportation array used by Old Liu Tou. They are both small teleportation arrays with nothing special about them. They can only be used to transmit messages. I am afraid that the teleportation array cannot do that, even if it is necessary. Teleportation can only teleport one person at most, and it is impossible to teleport too many people. But even such a teleportation array is not something that ordinary monks can afford here in Wanshan Realm.

The polarization here in Wanshan Realm is very serious. It is not difficult for the disciples of the sect to obtain such a portable teleportation array, let alone one. But if it is an ordinary It is extremely difficult for casual cultivators to obtain such a teleportation array.

After transmitting the news, the old man walked out of the room, stood in the yard, looked up at the sky, and he couldn't help but sigh again. To be honest, there was always a feeling in his heart, he felt like Something big was about to happen, but he really couldn't figure out what it was.

Hu Zhi had already returned to his yard at this time, and then he directly called Zhao Hai to his room. After Zhao Hai also sat down, Hu Zhi said: "Brother, I have already contacted the door. I have contacted the people inside, and they will report your situation. Whether or not you are allowed to join the sect depends on the decision of the people above, so don't worry."

Zhao Hai's face was a little excited. He quickly said: "Brother, don't worry, I'm not in a hurry." Zhao Hai's excitement was all pretended. What should he have to worry about? In fact, he was already thinking that he could have such a fast success. He was happy with the progress. He really didn't expect that he would have the opportunity to join Hell Gate so soon. This was really a rare opportunity for him.

Hu Zhi nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I don't know when there will be news from the door, and our actions can't stop, so I decided that in five days, we will go out to collect herbs. These days you We have prepared all the things that need to be prepared. By the way, you must prepare more dry food than you prepared last time. If we didn't have those dry food last time, we would never have been able to survive for such a long time."

Zhao Hai responded and said with a smile: "Brother, don't worry, what we prepare this time will definitely be more complete than the last time. By the way, of those little things we prepared for you last time, brother, which ones are the most useful?" You tell me so I can make more preparations."

Hu Zhi thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Dry food and medicine are all necessary, and there is also a rope, which is also very useful. There are not too many other things left. Just watch and prepare." After all, even if we don’t bring too many things, we can live in the woods for a while.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Okay, there is no problem. If it is just these things, then there is no problem. I will prepare it right away. Brother, you don't have to worry." Zhao Hai had a lot of experience living in the wild before. He actually knew what he needed to prepare, but he just said something casually. Seeing that Hu Zhi couldn't say anything, there was no need for him to ask more questions, and he directly hugged Hu Zhi and said goodbye. After leaving, Hu Zhi and the others will leave in five days, and there are still many things to prepare.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.