c7843 white eyed wolf

When Xiaozhi heard what Hu Zhi said, his expression changed slightly. He was now a member of the Xuanming Armor Shop. He thought that he was already a level above the people in the town. It was precisely because of this. He hated being born in Linyuan Town even more, and he wanted to keep a distance from the people in Linyuan Town even more, and even deliberately tried to make things difficult for the people in Linyuan Town, just to make the shopkeeper look down on him, so now Hu He really couldn't stand it when Zhiyi talked to him like this.

This Xiaozhi is like a poor man. He was born in a very poor family. Although the people in this family were very poor, they tried their best to raise him. When he grew up, he became capable, but he did not It's not that he wants to help his family members and make them richer. On the contrary, he thinks that his family members are a shame to him, and he wants to draw a clear line between them. Such people have a kind of The name is actually very appropriate, that is White Eyed Wolf.

Not only did Xiaozhi not feel ashamed because of Hu Zhi's words, on the contrary, he was angry. He looked at Hu Zhi and said in a deep voice: "Sir, we are doing business here. If you If you want to do business, we welcome you. If you want to cause trouble, then you have to think carefully about where this place is." What he said was already very rude, and he immediately gave Hu Zhi a request. A troublesome hat.

Hu Zhi's expression changed slightly, and he was scolding him, but Zhao Hai gently pulled his clothes, and then said: "Brother, we have a big business to discuss with your store. Please ask your shopkeeper. Come here." Zhao Hai really didn't want to talk nonsense to such a small person, he was just a bully.

Xiaozhi glanced at Zhao Hai, then snorted coldly and said: "If you have anything to do, just tell me. Our shopkeeper is very busy. In a small place like Linyuan Town, I really don't know how to do it." You know, there are some big creatures that need to alert our shopkeeper, if you don’t want to do business, please leave.”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but reveal a smile on his face, but there was no smile at all in that smile. When Xiao Zhi saw Zhao Hai's smile like this, his heart suddenly jumped, because he It feels like the smile on Zhao Hai's face is more frightening than the angry look on Hu Zhi's face.

Zhao Hai looked at Xiaozhi and said in a deep voice: "I think it would be better for you to call your shopkeeper out. This time we are going to talk about a big business. If it is really because of you that our business has failed. If we can talk about it, if something goes wrong and your shopkeeper blames you, then I really can’t be blamed.”

When Xiaozhi heard what Zhao Hai said, his heart skipped a beat. He looked at Zhao Hai and found that Zhao Hai still had that smile on his face. He couldn't help but feel angry. In his opinion, he was already a member of the Xuanjia Sect. As a peripheral disciple, a casual cultivator in a small town actually dared to threaten him with words. This was something he could not accept no matter what, so he immediately stood up and looked at Zhao Hai and said: "What's the matter? As for the matter, you can just tell me directly. I still say the same thing, our shopkeeper has a very high status, and he is not just a cat or a dog who can meet him whenever he wants."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but look at him deeply, and then said in a deep voice: "It's okay to do evil if God does it, but you can't live if you do evil yourself. Brother, let's go." After saying that, he pulled him away. Hu Zhi was so angry that he turned around and left. He didn't even think of saving such a stupid and stupid guy.

Hu Zhi was about to be furious now. As soon as he left the Xuanming Armor Shop, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, "I really wanted to kill him just now. If you hadn't pulled me back, I would have killed him." He took action." What Hu Zhi said is absolutely true. Just when he was about to lose control and take action, Zhao Hai pulled him out. Otherwise, I really don't know what would have happened now. , maybe he has already taken action against Xiaozhi.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "He is just a little person. There is really no point in arguing with us. He can't see the situation clearly and thinks he is from the Xuanjia Sect. But in fact, people like him are in Xuanjia Sect. There are as many as there are in Jia Sect. The disciples of Xuan Jia Sect will not look at him at all. We have no need to live with people like him. We can just find an opportunity and kill him directly. Even If we want to destroy him, we don’t need to do it ourselves.”

After saying that, Zhao Hai then walked quietly to another big store with Hu Zhi. The name of this store is Qingfeng Yangyi, and it is a store of the Qingyang family. The area of ​​this store is a little smaller than that of Xuanming Armor Store, but It wasn't much smaller. It was the second largest store in the town. The two of them entered the store directly.

As soon as they entered the store, a waiter came over, clasped his fists at the two of them and said, "You two gentlemen, what do you need?" When he saluted the two of them, he bent slightly.

Hu Zhi glanced at the guy, and then said in a deep voice: "Xiao Zhi, you are now a man of five and six, don't you look down on me too?" Hu Zhi was very angry at Xiao Zhi, so he arrived Here, the words were naturally very rude, and his eyes were fixed on the person named Xiao Zhi.

This one is called Xiao Zhi. He is also from Linyuan Town. He joined the Qingfeng Yangyi shop because he is smart. When they were young, this Xiao Zhi and that Xiao Zhi were both Hu Zhi. Seeing that they had grown up, he was very familiar with both of them. It was precisely because of this that Hu Zhi was so angry when he saw Xiao Zhi acting like that.

When Xiao Zhi heard what Hu Zhi said, he couldn't help but be startled, and then he quickly said: "Where did Uncle Hu come from? What orders did Uncle Hu have when he came today? Just say it." Xiao Zhi had already heard that Hu Zhi was talking about it. Zhi's tone was unkind. He didn't know why Hu Zhi was angry, but he never thought about offending Hu Zhi. He knew Hu Zhi's power here in Linyuan Town. He knew that if he offended a local snake like Hu Zhi, , for their store, that is of no benefit at all.

Xiao Zhi is different from that Xiao Zhi. Xiao Zhi feels ashamed because he was born in Linyuan Town. He is proud of being a peripheral disciple of Xuanjia Sect. In fact, he does not understand that in his Xuanjia Sect, Here, I am afraid that he is not even a servant disciple. He can only be regarded as a servant, not a servant disciple at all.

There is a difference between a servant and a servant disciple. The so-called servant disciple means that he has a certain talent, but the talent is not very good. The sect makes him a servant disciple. They must complete certain tasks of the sect, but they are also They can obtain some of the sect's skills. As long as they are successful in practicing, they can become the disciples of the sect. Even if they cannot become the disciples of the sect, they can still become the disciples of gangs under the control of the sect. That is not the case. Servant.

But the servants are different. They are not servant disciples, they are servants. Although they can also practice, the things they practice are only the most common techniques, and they have been servants for almost all generations. It is impossible. There is an essential difference between becoming a disciple of a sect.

Xiaozhi regarded himself as a peripheral disciple of Xuanjia Sect, but Xiaozhi did not. He was also practicing now, but he found that the techniques he practiced were not the same as those practiced by the casual cultivators here in Linyuan Town. In fact, there is no difference, and the people of Qingyang Sect will not really regard him as one of their own. He is just an employee of Qingyang Sect. He is just a job here, a high-paying job. , he didn't feel how great he was, and it was precisely because of this difference in mentality that their attitudes towards Hu Zhi were completely different.

When Hu Zhi heard what Xiao Zhi said, his expression softened slightly, and then he said to Xiao Zhi: "We have a big deal to discuss with your shopkeeper. Go and talk to your shopkeeper, and say nonsense I want to see you, we have big business to discuss, go ahead." Although Hu Zhi was still angry, he didn't take it out on Xiao Zhi.

When Xiao Zhi heard what Hu Zhi said, he was stunned for a moment. Then he immediately nodded and said, "Uncle Hu, please come sit here. I'll invite the shopkeeper right away." After that, he invited Hu Zhi and Zhao Hai to the side. He sat down on the chair, and then ordered someone to serve tea, but he ran into the shop.

After a while, Xiao Zhi led a fat shopkeeper out of the back of the shop. The shopkeeper always had a smile on his face. As soon as he saw Hu Zhi and Zhao Hai, he immediately laughed and directed at Hu Zhi. Zhi and Zhao Hai smiled and said: "It turns out to be Mr. Hu and Mr. Zhao. I wonder if they came to see me, but what's the matter?"

The smile on the shopkeeper's face was very fake and his attitude was very ordinary, but Hu Zhi and Zhao Hai still stood up and saluted him. Hu Zhi then said: "Today I have a big business to talk to the shopkeeper. I want to talk to someone, I wonder if there is a quieter place?”

When the shopkeeper heard what Hu Zhi said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then he looked at Hu Zhi deeply, and then said: "Mr. Hu, Mr. Zhao, please follow me." After that, he led the two of them to the door. Walking to the back of the store, the three of them walked through the store and arrived at a room at the back of the store. This room was not very big and could only seat five or six people. After the three of them were seated as guests and hosts, the shopkeeper looked at Hu Zhi and smiled. He said: "Mr. Hu, I wonder what big business you want to discuss with me?" When talking about big business, he deliberately added an accent to the big words. Obviously, he did not think that people like Hu Zhi People, what kind of big business can be discussed with him? His words actually contain a hint of sarcasm and a hint of warning.

Hu Zhi glanced at him, and then turned to look at Zhao Hai again. Zhao Hai understood what Hu Zhi meant, and he immediately said to the shopkeeper's fist: "Shopkeeper, we are here today. There is indeed a big boss." I need to discuss the business with you, the shopkeeper. The shopkeeper may also know that some time ago, our Gujian Gang came forward and organized all the people in the town. Everyone went out to work and collect herbs together, and we The big business we are talking about is actually this. Now that the people we went out to collect herbs have returned, of course we have to dispose of all these herbs. I wonder if this is considered a big business?"