c7846 reaction

Zhao Hai and Hu Zhi returned to Hu Zhi's yard. Neither of them spoke during the whole journey. They waited until they entered the yard and they all gathered around. Then Hu Zhi said, "I'm talking when I enter the house." When Scar and the others saw that Zhao Hai and Hu Zhi seemed to be in low spirits, they didn't say anything and followed them into the room.

After the two of them arrived in the room and sat down, Hu Zhi sat there without speaking for a while. Then he turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, take out Xiaozhi's head and let him bury him." Well, no matter what, he is also from our Linyuan Town."

Zhao Hai responded, and then took out Xiaozhi's head. When they saw Xiaozhi's head, they were stunned at first, but then their faces did not show any angry expressions. In fact, Xiaozhi had already This offended many people in the town. Xiaozhi's situation is actually similar to that of Lanka before. Lanka's father passed away, his mother was captured and returned to the sect, and he has no relatives around him, only Hu Zhi and the others, he also regarded Hu Zhi and the others as relatives.

Xiaozhi's situation is similar. His father died when he was young, and his mother took him alone until Xiaozhi was twelve years old. His mother also died of illness. He became an orphan. He didn't have much strength at that time. The people in the town took good care of him and gave him a bite of whatever they had to eat. It can be said that he grew up eating hundreds of meals. Ordinarily someone like him People should be very grateful to the people in the town, but he is different.

Because Xiaozhi is very clever, he later became a clerk in Xuanling Armor Store. Normally, he became a clerk in a big store. Everyone was very happy for him, but they didn't expect that he would become a clerk in Xuanling Armor Store. After being a clerk, he was very bad to the people in the town, and could even be said to be very mean. Everyone in the town knew that he was a white-eyed wolf, but because he was from the Xuanling Armor Store No one can do anything to him.

Scar and the others didn't have any good impressions of Xiaozhi. They were just a little surprised when they saw Xiaozhi's head. Then they all looked at Zhao Hai and Hu Zhi with expressions on their faces. Zhao Hai looked at everyone's faces. He looked like that and smiled bitterly and said: "It's because of me. When my elder brother and I went to the Xuanling Armor Store, we happened to meet him. He made things difficult for us, so I used some methods to borrow the help of the shopkeeper of the Xuanling Armor Store. , I removed him, and the eldest brother was a little angry."

When Scar heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but turned to Hu Zhi and said, "Brother, is what brother Zhao Ying said true?" In fact, he was very happy to hear what Zhao Hai said, so when he heard what Zhao Hai said, Hu Zhi said Zhi was angry because he had removed Xiaozhi, so he looked at Hu Zhi with some confusion.

Hu Zhi didn't speak, but his look said everything. Looking at his appearance, Scar couldn't help laughing. He then took Xiao Zhi's head and said in a deep voice: "Brother, You are so angry and unreasonable, why are you angry with Brother Zhao Ying because of this matter? What you did is really satisfying."

Hu Zhi was stunned and looked at Scar and the others with some confusion. Scar glanced at Hu Zhi and then coldly snorted: "Brother, you rarely go to those big stores, so you don't know that this little Zhi Zu is no longer a thing. After he became a clerk at the Xuanling Armor Shop, not only did he take care of the people in the town, but on the contrary, he squeezed us desperately. Such a person will not be able to die. , many people in the town want to kill him now, it’s because he produced the guy from the Xuanling Armor Shop that they didn’t do anything.”

Another person also nodded and said: "Yes, brother, this Xiaozhi is really nothing. After he became the clerk of Xuanling Armor Store, he also helped Xuanling Armor Store lower the price, and we sold it to Xuanling The items in the armor store were cheaper than those sold in other stores. Later, everyone stopped going to their store for transactions. But unexpectedly, he came up with another way. He even stipulated that every month we We have to go to their store to make a transaction once. If we don’t go to their store to make a transaction, they will punish us. Now I don’t know how many people in the town are eager to kill him.”

When Hu Zhi heard what everyone said, he couldn't help being stunned. Then he looked at Scar and them and said, "Are you telling the truth?" To contact those stores, he didn't need to come forward in person at all, so he didn't know much about these things, so he was a little angry. Now when he heard everyone say this, he was really surprised. He really didn't expect that, Xiaozhi has become like this now.

Scar said in a deep voice: "Of course it's true, brother, the Xiaozhi now is no longer the Xiaozhi he was when he was a child. Now that he is dead, I don't know how many people in the town are happy, and they won't see him being For the sake of the people in our town, I will still bury him, so you can rest assured, brother, how did you do today?"

Hu Zhi immediately turned to look at Zhao Hai, who laughed loudly and said: "Everything goes well, we have negotiated with those four families, our medicinal materials and monster items will be divided into five parts, one for each of them. We have to deal with the remaining portion ourselves. We have handed over the previous four to four of them, and we have got back the spiritual stones. There are more than 800 spiritual stones in total, which is more than we imagined."

When Zhao Hai said this, everyone was stunned, and then they cheered for a while. Such benefits were really too much. They really didn't expect that their benefits would be so great. I am very happy. This is the largest amount of income for the Ancient Sword Sect since its establishment.

Zhao Hai looked at their looks and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "We will distribute the spirit stones to everyone in a while, and each family can get a special spirit stone, so that everyone can live a good life. As for the rest, I will also get rid of these things as soon as possible. We will keep the spiritual stones we got this time and prepare some things for everyone to use next time you go out."

Everyone cheered for a while, and then Zhao Hai took out a space bag and gave it to Hu Zhi, and then said in a deep voice: "Brother, you will call all the people from each family here in a while, and it is still up to you to take care of the things. Divide it." After saying that, he gave the space bag to Hu Zhi.

Hu Zhi did not pull the space bag, but looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, you better do it, you are in charge of the money, you should be the one to do it." Hu Zhi didn't care much about this kind of thing. In his opinion, Zhao Hai is in charge of the entire Ancient Sword Sect's spiritual stones, so it is only right that he distributes the spiritual stones to everyone.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Brother, you are the current eldest brother of our Ancient Sword Sect, so you should do it." After saying that, he gave the space bag to Hu Zhi. Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai and did not refuse. He felt that it didn't matter who did this kind of thing, so he naturally wouldn't object.

After taking the space bag, Hu Zhi looked at the sky outside and said in a deep voice: "It's getting late. Let's go and have a rest. I'll call everyone over tomorrow and distribute the spirit stones to everyone. Brother, what's left? It’s up to you to handle the things I downloaded. I don’t care how many spirit stones you get, just use them as you see fit. All the spirit stones in the gang are yours to handle.”

Zhao Hai did not refuse this time, but nodded and said: "Yes, brother, I will go back first. I'm afraid Lanka will be worried when he finds out that I am not in the room." After saying that, Zhao Hai gave Hu Zhi a fist and said He hugged everyone and then turned around and left. Everyone did not leave him alone and watched him leave the yard and return to the yard of Lanka's house.

After Zhao Hai left, Scar said to Hu Zhi: "Brother, what's going on? Can you explain in detail why we can get rid of Xiao Zhi with the help of Xuanling Armor Shop? ?" They really didn't understand. Xuanling Armor Shop is actually very defensive. Under normal circumstances, if they have a conflict with people from Xuanling Armor Shop, they will definitely suffer the loss, because The people in the Xuanling Armor Shop would protect their shop assistants, but they were never polite to them, so they never understood why Zhao Hai could use the hands of the shopkeeper of the Xuanling Armor Shop to , remove Xiaozhi.

Hearing what they said, Hu Zhi couldn't help but smile bitterly. Then he told them what happened in Qingfeng Yangyi's shop. Everyone was amazed when they heard it. They were really... I didn't expect that Zhao Hai would be so powerful and be able to accomplish things to this extent.

After Hu Zhi finished speaking, Scar said: "Brother, I don't think Brother Zhao Ying did anything wrong. On the contrary, he did a good job. If he hadn't used these methods, we wouldn't have been able to get rid of Xiao Zhi. And our income cannot be that much, but I think we should still be careful and be careful that people in the store will retaliate against us."

Hu Zhi said in a deep voice: "I'm not too worried about this. They actually don't dare to do anything to us. If they really dare to touch us, then I'm afraid they won't have any good results. , don’t forget, we have joined the Hell Gate now. If they really dare to attack us, the people from the Hell Gate will never give up, so you don’t need to worry too much. The only thing I am worried about now is Brother Zhao Ying, what happened this time is that he is afraid of coming forward. I am worried that those sects will bear this grudge on him. If that is really the case, then Brother Zhao Ying will be in trouble."

Scar thought for a while, then said in a deep voice: "Brother, didn't you say that you want Brother Zhao Ying to join the Hell Gate? Didn't the Hell Gate want to test him? I think you might as well go and settle this matter yesterday. It’s done, let’s see what kind of test it will give Brother Zhao Ying at Hell Gate. If Brother Zhao Ying needs to leave Linyuan Town for a period of time, he can also go out to avoid the limelight. After a while, when several of their sects have Now that my anger is gone, I just want him to come back."

In fact, the matter was far less complicated than they imagined, but the fear and fear of those sects had always made them make such a choice. After hearing Scar's words, Hu Zhi also felt that it made sense, so he directly He opened his mouth and said, "Okay, then I'll talk to him tomorrow. I hope he can survive this disaster."