c7856 monitor

Zhao Hai happily received the spirit stone into his space bag, and then handed the space bag to the monk. The monk also put away the space bag and ignored Zhao Hai. In his opinion, His mission has been completed. Although Zhao Hai still had some problems when accepting and handing in missions, the regulations did not prohibit doing so, so it was reasonable for Zhao Hai to do so, and that was fine. .

After Zhao Hai handed over the Green Jade Mushroom, he turned around and left, because he could now feel that many monks had begun to pay attention to him. Zhao Hai knew what those people were thinking, and those people had some possibilities. It's really just envy, but some of them are not. There is deep malice in the eyes of those people.

Zhao Hai left the mission hall and returned directly to the Grand Hyatt Inn. As soon as he entered the store, he saw the fat boss still standing there. As soon as he saw Zhao Hai, he immediately smiled at Zhao Hai and said: "Come back Are you ready? Do you need a meal? If necessary, I will have someone prepare it."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Sorry, shopkeeper, I just went out to do a task and I happened to be hungry." Zhao Hai decided to eat in the store. He wanted to see the taste of the dishes cooked in this store. What the hell, and it was so late, he didn’t want to go out to eat, so he went back to the store to eat.

As soon as the fat shopkeeper heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately said loudly: "Xiao Bing, Xiao Bing, hurry up, prepare dinner for the guests." Xiao Bing appeared out of nowhere, responded, and went to prepare it immediately After going, Zhao Hai smiled at him, and then went directly to the restaurant and sat down.

There are still a few monks in the restaurant, but judging from their appearance, they are all those who are not very good. They are all eating now, and the meals are all very simple. Zhao Hai just glanced at them and did not say anything. Saying anything, Xiao Bing quickly brought the food up, and Zhao Hai also picked up the food and ate it with big mouthfuls.

This meal surprised Zhao Hai, because the food here was surprisingly curious. This was something Zhao Hai did not expect. He quickly ate a bowl of rice and two plates of food. Zhao Hai Then he stood up, walked to the fat shopkeeper, and said to the fat shopkeeper: "Shopkeeper, the food in your shop tastes very good. It tastes even better than the food in other shops. It's rare. It’s rare.”

When the fat shopkeeper heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately smiled and said: "The shop is run on a small scale, and all the food is cooked by my wife. My wife may not be able to do other things, but the food she cooks is excellent, you see." You can tell by my body shape." As he said this, he patted his bulging belly.

Zhao Hai laughed out loud when he saw the fat shopkeeper, and then said: "Shopkeeper, as you know, I just came to the town, and I don't know much about the situation in the town. I don't know. Can I ask you about what's going on in the town? If it's convenient, just tell me. If it's not convenient, forget it."

The fat shopkeeper smiled and said: "There is nothing inconvenient about this. I really know some things about the town. If you want to know anything, just ask me." It seemed very generous, which made Zhao Hai very happy. If he could really get some information from the fat shopkeeper, it would be really great for him.

Zhao Hai said to the fat shopkeeper: "Shopkeeper, I just want to know, in this small town, there are those people who cannot be offended. I just came to the town, and I don't want to offend me without knowing it. Who was he, and then he was killed, so I hope you, the shopkeeper, can speak out."

When the fat shopkeeper heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "So this is what the guest officer asked. This is actually very simple. In this small town, the people who should not be offended the most are actually the members of the Xuanjia Sect. Sir, no matter who you are from Xuanjia Sect, you cannot offend, you must remember this."

Zhao Hai nodded, and the fat shopkeeper continued: "In addition to the adults of Xuanjia Sect, there are also some people who work for the adults of Xuanjia Sect. You cannot offend such people. In fact, the main ones are the various You must not offend the people in the shop, especially the people in the Xuanming Armor Shop, or even be rude to them. Otherwise, you may be punished by the adults of the Xuanjia Sect.

Zhao Hai nodded. This was also what he expected. Many of the industries here should be run by disciples of Xuanjia Sect. If you offend the people in those shops, it is equivalent to offending the disciples of Xuanjia Sect. , then the disciples of Xuanjia Sect will naturally punish you.

The fat shopkeeper then said: "The last kind of people are actually some casual cultivators who have formed small gangs, because this is the territory of Xuanjia Sect, which is different from other places. Although there are many casual cultivators here, the real Only the adults of Xuanjia Sect have the final say, and the adults of Xuanjia Sect will never allow some powerful gangs to appear in the town. That is a threat to them, but Those casual cultivators will still form small groups one by one, which can also be said to be small gangs. These people are not good people. They dare not touch the adults of Xuanjia Sect, but for some weak casual cultivator groups , or individual cultivators like you, they will never be lenient, and the number of casual cultivators who die in their hands every year is actually the largest."

Speaking of this, the fat shopkeeper said to Zhao Hai: "You said you just went on a mission? What kind of mission did you do? Didn't you meet those people?" Obviously, the fat shopkeeper, for the little boy, The virtues of the casual cultivators in the town are very clear, so they ask this question.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "I did a mission to find the Green Jade Mushroom and was rewarded with one hundred spirit stones. However, I picked the Green Jade Mushroom back first, and then I accepted the mission and handed in the mission." Zhao Hai has never thought about hiding this matter from Fat Shopkeeper. He knows that it is actually very easy for local snakes like Fat Shopkeeper to find out any information. Even if he doesn't tell Fat Shopkeeper now, Fat Shopkeeper The shopkeeper can also find out by himself, but he might as well tell it himself.

The fat shopkeeper was stunned when he heard what Zhao Hai said, and then he said to Zhao Hai with some confusion: "Aren't you afraid that when you come back, this task has been taken over? In that case, wouldn't you get nothing?" The fat shopkeeper really didn't understand Zhao Hai's thoughts, as casual cultivators would not accept tasks like this.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "I'm afraid, but no matter what, I have the Green Jade Mushroom in hand. If the mission has been taken over by someone when I come back, then I can sell the Green Jade Mushroom. , it’s just that I make less money. In fact, I have encountered the situation you mentioned in other places, so I have to be more careful.”

When the fat shopkeeper heard what Zhao Hai said, he felt relieved. He nodded and said: "Okay, if you think so, that's the best. You are alone, so it's better to be careful, but you When you hand in the task, many people must have seen it, and they may also deal with you, so you must be more careful when you go out in the future, especially when leaving the town, you must be more careful."

Zhao Hai responded, and then he gave the fat shopkeeper a fist and turned to go upstairs. The fat shopkeeper looked at Zhao Hai's back and frowned slightly. To be honest, when he saw it at first When he met Zhao Hai, he just thought that Zhao Hai was an ordinary casual cultivator, but when he just talked to Zhao Hai, he discovered that Zhao Hai seemed to be not just an ordinary casual cultivator. It's a little special.

The fat shopkeeper can be said to have read countless people, but he really can't understand Zhao Hai at all. He looks like an ordinary casual cultivator, but he doesn't look like an ordinary casual cultivator. , his temperament is really special, so the fat shopkeeper is very curious.

However, he never thought about asking about Zhao Hai's origin. This is a big taboo for casual cultivators. It's not that these casual cultivators have any background, but because these casual cultivators may have some shady connections. If he committed something elsewhere and came here to seek refuge, then he would really be looking for death if he inquired about Zhao Hai's identity.

Zhao Hai returned to the room and thought about what happened today. Then he sat on the bed and closed his eyes. He had left some magical insects on the Xuanjia Sect disciples he had seen today. These magic insects were used to monitor the disciples of the Xuanjia Sect, and he had to find the Yuchi Iron Pill as soon as possible, and then find an opportunity to kill him.

Those disciples of the Xuanjia Sect are not very strong, but the clothes they wear have a certain defensive effect. If he puts something like a flowing silver needle on their bodies, they may be discovered. , but the use of magical insects is different. The magical insects are too small, like a dust on the ground, no one will care. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai uses magical insects.

Of course, Zhao Hai can also use Liuyin Chen to monitor the disciples of Xuanjia Sect, but Liuyin Chen is too small, and the range that can be seen will become smaller, and Liuyin Chen wants to release and take it back. What's more troublesome is that unlike those magic bugs, those magic bugs have been trained by Zhao Hai for many years. They have long been Zhao Hai's battle beasts. Zhao Hai only needs to give them an order in his own mind, They will quit immediately or transfer the target, making it more convenient to use. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai usually uses spell insects to monitor anyone now, rather than Liu Yin Chen or Liu Yin Needle. .

Zhao Hai believed that among the disciples of Xuanjia Sect who came today, some of them would rest here in the town, and some of them would definitely come into contact with Yuchi Tiedan, so that he could see Yuchi Tiedan. As long as he If the magic bug can enter Yuchi Tiedan's body, he can monitor Yuchi Tiedan and see what he is doing. As long as he can grasp his movement patterns and know what he does every day, then Zhao Hai will have a chance. Kill him, and unknowingly, using the strength he is showing now to kill him.