c7851 Ghost Judge Hall

In the following days, Zhao Hai has been in retreat in the room. Of course, he is doing it for others to see, and he is really trying to prepare. Hu Zhi is so worried about Zhao Hai. The performance is also very satisfactory, but now they are all working hard to make pickles.

Zhao Hai really didn't expect that Linyuan Town would be so cold in winter before. Now he knows, and it is precisely because he knows that he understands some of Hu Zhi's practices. He is very It is clear that Hu Zhi and others who have spent countless winters in Linyuan Town are very clear about how difficult the winter here in Linyuan Town is, so they are like this after earning so many spiritual stones. Excited, they were so excited after seeing pickles.

According to Hu Zhi, in the past, during the winter, not to mention the vegetables they had to eat, they couldn’t eat enough just Polygonatum japonica, let alone what vegetables they ate. Those fields attach great importance to those pickled vegetables, otherwise they would not think of picking wild vegetables when picking herbs.

Zhao Hai had breakfast that day and was about to go to retreat. Hu Zhi walked in from outside the yard. As soon as he saw Zhao Hai, he immediately said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, don't go, come with me." Hu Zhi. As Zhi spoke, he stared at Zhao Hai. Although his face was calm, there was also a hint of heaviness on his face.

As soon as he saw Hu Zhi's appearance, Zhao Hai knew that the time was up. He turned to Lanka, who had just eaten and was about to practice, and said, "Lanka, come here." Lanka seemed to have felt it too. What, he walked slowly to Zhao Hai, with a trace of uneasiness and a trace of reluctance on his face.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka's appearance and couldn't help but smile slightly, and then said in a deep voice: "Lanka, the master is going out for a while and will be back soon. While I'm gone, don't forget to train. You All the training content is in the jade slip I left for you. When I come back, I will inspect it. If I find you being lazy, I will punish you."

Ranka nodded vigorously, then he hugged Zhao Hai and said with a crying voice: "Master, you must come back, Ranka misses you." The little black demon hugged Zhao Hai reluctantly. Zhao Hai looked at Lanka and the little black demon, and sighed softly, gently touching Lanka's head, and touching the little black demon's back from time to time.

After a while, he finally said: "Lanka, don't worry. Master will be fine. Don't worry, Master will come back. I promise." His voice was very soft, but very firm. Lanka nodded vigorously, and then slowly let go of Zhao Hai, and the little black demon also let go of Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka and the little black demon, then smiled slightly, gently touched Lanka's head, and then the little black demon's head, and then said in a deep voice: "You two, be well. Practice, I'm leaving." After saying that, he turned around and walked out, and soon reached Hu Zhi's side, and he nodded towards Hu Zhi.

Hu Zhi also nodded towards Zhao Hai. He could clearly see the action between Zhao Hai and Lanka just now, so he turned to look at Lanka again, and then followed Zhao Hai out. After a while, the two of them arrived at the Kelaixuan Hotel. From the back door of the hotel, they entered directly into the backyard of the hotel.

The old shopkeeper of the hotel was waiting for the two of them in the yard. When he saw the two of them coming, he nodded to them, and then led them directly into the room. After arriving in the room, the old shopkeeper looked at them. Looking at Zhao Hai, he said in a deep voice: "Zhao Hai, considering your situation, originally we would not let you join the Hell Gate, but you have been recommended by Hu Zhi, so you are qualified to join the Hell Gate, and this time The test is to see if you can join the Hell Sect. If you pass the test this time, then you will be a disciple of the Hell Sect, and you are not a peripheral disciple, but a formal disciple, with a higher status than Hu Zhi , if you cannot pass the test, then you can only be a peripheral disciple, but you must be separated from Hu Zhi, do you understand?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, I understand." Hu Zhi had already told him about this matter. If he failed to pass the test, he would become an outer disciple, but he could not be with Hu Zhi at that time. His subordinates will be transferred to other places. As for where they will be transferred, no one knows.

When the old shopkeeper saw Zhao Hai nodding, he didn't say anything more. Instead, he moved his hand and took out a formation disk. Then he adjusted it on the formation disk, and then said to Zhao Hai: "This is A teleportation array will teleport you to another place. When you get there, someone will tell you what your test is this time, and if you have any questions, just ask them. Now you are ready."

Zhao Hai took a deep breath, and then said: "Yes, I'm ready." The old shopkeeper nodded, and then he moved his hand, and a white light emerged from the array plate, which directly covered Zhao Hai body, the next moment Zhao Hai's body had disappeared, apparently being teleported away.

As soon as Hu Zhi saw Zhao Hai being teleported away, he couldn't help but take a deep breath. Then he turned to the old shopkeeper and said, "Shopkeeper, if he passes the test, will he come back?" Hu Zhi really didn't want Zhao Hai to come back. Hai left, but if Zhao Hai really passed the test, his status would be higher than him. By that time, if Zhao Hai wanted to leave, he might not be able to stop him, which made him feel very complicated.

The old shopkeeper glanced at Hu Zhi and said in a deep voice: "To be honest, I am just a peripheral member like you. Do you think I will know these things? Go back. Regardless of whether he passed the assessment or not, you should Everyone will get the news, after all, you were introduced." After saying this, the old shopkeeper waved his hand.

Hu Zhi looked at the old shopkeeper and sighed lightly. Then he didn't say anything more. He bowed to the old shopkeeper and then turned around and left. The old shopkeeper looked at Hu Zhi's back and also lightly sighed. Sighing, he has been collecting information about Zhao Hai in Linyuan Town in recent times. It is precisely because of this that he knows very well what Zhao Hai means to the Ancient Sword Gang. It can be said that the Ancient Sword Gang The gang can live like this all thanks to Zhao Hai. It is precisely because of this that Hu Zhi is so reluctant to let go of Zhao Hai, but there is no way. After all, Zhao Hai has to pass the test of the Hell Gate, whether he passes it or not. , I'm afraid it will be difficult to stay here in Linyuan Town.

At this time, Zhao Hai had already appeared in another place. He felt a flash of white light in front of his eyes. When he opened his eyes, he found that he had arrived in a room. In this room Inside, stood a man with a kid mask on his face.

This mask looks like it is made of animal skin. It has the face of a little ghost on it. It also has a lot of black hair. Except for the two eyes and the nose, the other parts are all covered by the mask. He is also wearing a black robe, and he seems to have a magic weapon on his body that can isolate others from mental detection, so it is impossible for you to know what he looks like.

Just when Zhao Hai was sizing up the kid, the kid was also sizing up Zhao Hai. After a while, the kid said, "Are you Zhao Ying? I'm here to lure the ghost, come with me." After that, He walked outside the room, and Zhao Hai quickly followed. Soon the two of them left the room. When they left the room, Zhao Hai discovered that they were actually in a cave. The previous room was just built on It's just a house in a cave. It looks like a house, but it's not actually a house. It's also a smaller cave.

But the cave they are in now is a very huge cave with many branches. Zhao Hai can even imagine that there must be as many caves here as spider webs. People who don't know the internal situation of this cave, I'm afraid you'll get lost as soon as you enter.

Zhao Hai followed the kid slowly forward, wandering around in the caves. After walking for half an hour, they came to a relatively large cave. This cave had been carefully built, as if it were There is one main hall, and in front of the cave door, there is a sign with three golden characters written on it: Ghost Punishment Hall. Although these three characters are golden and look very solemn, there is a sense of forest inside. The ghost spirit.

The kid led Zhao Hai to the front of the main hall. Then the kid clasped his fists towards the hall and said loudly: "Report, His Highness Prince Qin Guang, Zhao Ying will bring you here." When Zhao Hai heard what the kid said, he couldn't help but be stunned. , but he still stood there with his head bowed, unable to see anything special.

But Zhao Hai has a rough idea in his heart. This hell gate is really good, and it is really based on the legendary hell. Ghost Judge Zhan, plus King Qin Guang, are all It is the name of a person and place in the legendary hell. King Guang of Qin Jiang is the person in charge of each of the ten halls of Yama. He is specially here to judge. Through the evil mirror platform he is in charge of, he can see the sins committed by this person in his life. , if the Hell Gate really follows this situation, then they will definitely gather the Ten Halls of Yama.

And these Ten Halls of Yama should be the actual controllers of the Hell Gate. Their status in the Hell Gate must not be low, and their strength must be very strong. Otherwise, they would not be able to become the Yama of the Hell Gate. As for To say what their strength is, you won’t know until you see them.

Just when Zhao Hai was thinking about this, he heard a voice coming from the hall. The voice was very low, but it had a sense of calmness and authority. He heard the voice saying: "Let Let him come in." Then there was no sound, and the hall suddenly became quiet.

At this time, the kid glanced at Zhao Hai, and then said: "Go in. After entering, you don't have to kneel down, just clasp your fists and salute. Don't look around." After saying that, the kid stepped aside and let Zhao Hai enter the main hall. Inside, Zhao Hai clasped his fists at the kid, and then slowly walked into the hall. He seemed to be a little nervous, his body was slightly bent, and he did not stand up straight, which made him look like he was Like fear.