c7855 be surprised

Zhao Hai looked at it for a while and found that there was an upward staircase next to the room. It was obviously going upstairs, but there was no casual cultivator who would go upstairs from there. From time to time, there would be one or two people wearing black clothes. The Xuanjia Sect monks in clothes went upstairs or downstairs from there.

As soon as he saw this situation, Zhao Hai understood that the monks of the Xuanjia Sect would obviously not let the casual cultivators go upstairs at will. The place where the casual cultivators received the mission was only in this hall, so Zhao Hai did not What to think about, he then glanced at the task board in the hall and looked at the tasks on it carefully.

The above tasks are actually very simple. They just need to collect some medicinal materials. Zhao Hai looked at it carefully, and suddenly his eyes fell on a task. That task required monks to collect a kind of green medicine. Zhao Hai knew that this kind of green jade mushroom could be used as medicine to treat damaged meridians, but Zhao Hai knew exactly where the green jade mushroom grew. Before he came to this town, he had I have seen this green jade mushroom before, but the position where the green jade mushroom grows is very far away, and it is not where ordinary green jade mushrooms grow, so no one has ever noticed it.

Zhao Hai thought for a while and left the Xuanming Armor Store directly. The reason why he did not step forward to take over the mission was because he found that when he arrived at the store, several people were already paying attention to him. Pay attention to him. The people in question were not people from the Xuanjia Sect, but a few casual cultivators. Those casual cultivators didn't look at them well. Although he was not afraid of them, he didn't want to cause trouble, so he didn't go to take the mission. , but left Xuanming Armor Store directly.

After he left the Xuanming Armor Shop, he found that those people looked away. Maybe they saw that Zhao Hai did not accept the mission, so they were no longer interested in Zhao Hai, and this is what Zhao Hai wanted. Yes, he had just arrived in the town and didn't want to cause trouble, so he left directly.

When he left the Xuanming Armor Shop and walked directly out of the town, he knew the location of the green jade mushroom. He had to get the green jade mushroom back immediately, and then he went to pick up the mission and handed it over. mission, so that he doesn't have to worry about anyone thinking about him.

He really knows those casual cultivators very well. They are almost all the same. Sometimes they will wait at the place where tasks are released. When they see a task being accepted, they will follow them and complete the task there. After that, they will carry out robberies and killings in the middle. This is the way of survival for many casual cultivators, because casual cultivators usually take on some tasks that they are sure of. They know that what they need for their tasks is there, and these people only need to follow them. The people who carry out the mission can then carry out the robbery and killing, so that they can earn spiritual stones faster.

Zhao Hai was worried that those casual cultivators would deal with him like this, so he did not go to accept the mission. Instead, he prepared to pick up the green jade mushrooms and then go to accept the mission. After receiving the mission, he would immediately complete the mission. Just hand it over so there won't be any problems.

Zhao Hai believes that this town is controlled by Xuanjia Sect, so the people of Xuanjia Sect will definitely not let people in the town mess around, so in the small town, those casual cultivators should not dare to mess around. Yes, and this time the task of picking green jade mushrooms can earn one hundred spiritual stones, which is a lot of income for a casual cultivator.

When Zhao Hai arrived outside the town, he immediately walked back the way he came. After walking for about half an hour, he stopped and then walked under a big tree. Then he glanced at the big tree. There is a small tree hole about five meters above the ground in this big tree. The tree hole is not very big. It looks like a squirrel or bird lives in it. No one usually pays attention to it, and no one would think of it. , in that tree hole, there was a green jade mushroom, a familiar green jade mushroom.

Zhao Hai is aware of the medicinal material Green Jade Mushroom. It usually grows in piles of rocks by the river. It likes a darker and humid environment. No one would have thought that there would be a Green Jade Mushroom growing in a tree hole. Zhao Hai also discovered it accidentally on the way to the small town. However, medicinal materials such as green jade mushroom did not attract his interest. He did not pick them at that time, but he did not expect that he would He actually came back to pick this green jade mushroom again.

After successfully picking the green jade mushrooms, Zhao Hai went to several other places and picked all the higher-grade medicinal materials he had discovered before, and put all these medicinal materials into jade boxes. , and then walked back. He didn't encounter any monsters. It was not very far from the town. If there were monsters, they would have been destroyed by the casual cultivators long ago, so he didn't have any monsters here. Encountered some monster.

When Zhao Hai returned to the small town, the sky was already getting dark. Zhao Hai immediately went to the Xuanming Armor Store. When he entered the store, he realized that there were many people in the store now. There were many people. Zhao Hai took a look at the mission board and found that the Green Jade Mushroom mission was still there, which made him relieved. He was really afraid that someone would take that mission. If that was the case, then his work would have been in vain. Although the green jade mushroom was not easy to find, it was not a difficult medicinal material to find. Fortunately, no one took it.

This is why casual cultivators always accept tasks first and then complete them. Because if you do not accept the task but complete the task first, then when you complete the task , it is very likely that someone else has taken over the task, and if you want to take over the task when you come back, it will be impossible. Therefore, casual cultivators usually take the task first and then complete the task. Very few people will do it first. Complete the task, and then come back directly to pick up the task and hand it in.

Zhao Hai is not worried about this. Even if the task of the green jade mushroom is taken away, it doesn't matter. He is just taking on other tasks. The green jade mushroom is also a good medicinal material. If you sell it directly, you can get a lot of spiritual stones, so he does this.

Zhao Hai found that at night, there were more people submitting tasks, so he stood behind a line and slowly lined up, watching the people in front of him submitting tasks one by one. When it finally came to him, Zhao Hai immediately said to the monk inside the counter: "I will take the mission, the mission of the Green Jade Mushroom."

The monk inside the counter was stunned when he heard what Zhao Hai said. Then he glanced at Zhao Hai and said, "You still want to take the mission so late? If you take the mission now, you can only hand it in tomorrow." Have you?" Normally, monks will not take on tasks at night, because tasks are all time-stipulated, just like the task of the Green Jade Mushroom. After you take over the task, he will wait for three days. It must be completed, because after the green jade mushroom is picked, if it is not used for more than three days, its medicinal effect will disappear. Even if it is placed in a jade box or stored in a space preparation, it will be the same. Therefore, most people take tasks in the morning. After taking the task, they go to do the task immediately. In this way, they save a whole night, so casual cultivators will not take tasks at night.

Monks generally rarely go out to do tasks at night, because night is also the time when various monsters are most active, so going out to do tasks at night is more dangerous than going out to do tasks during the day. It is precisely because of this, Therefore, casual cultivators rarely take on tasks at night.

Zhao Hai looked at the monk and smiled and said: "Yes, I want to take on this mission, the mission of the Green Jade Mushroom." Zhao Hai's performance also attracted the attention of some people in the mission hall. There are still people in the mission hall. There are many people, some of them are looking at the tasks on the task board, some have just finished the task and are chatting with people they know well, and some people are just sitting there quietly, here in the task hall , it is open until night, no one will come to chase them, and it will not close even at night, so some casual cultivators, if there is really no Lingshi hotel, they will squat here in the mission hall all night , at least here, the wind can't blow and the rain can't get wet.

Zhao Hai's movements naturally attracted the attention of many people. Many people in the hall all focused on him. However, the monk at the counter glanced at Zhao Hai but said nothing. He immediately took out a jade slip, entered some content into it, and then gave the jade slip to Zhao Haida: "Okay, this task will be yours from now on. You must turn in the task within three days. Otherwise, the mission will be considered a failure." He did not ask Zhao Hai's name. The jade slip was just a voucher. In other words, even if someone else got the jade slip and the green jade mushroom, He can definitely come and hand in the mission. He doesn't care whether that person is the one who took the mission in the first place.

Zhao Hai took the jade slip, then took out a jade box, and then gave the jade box and the jade slip directly to the monk, and said to the monk: "Hand in the task, the green jade mushroom task." And Zhao Hai's movement made everyone in the hall stunned. They really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would do this.

The monk inside the counter was also stunned. He was actually a casual cultivator, but he was hired by the Xuanjia Sect to do this job. He had been here for a while, and he knew all kinds of casual cultivators. He had seen it, but it was really the first time he had encountered Zhao Hai doing this, so he was stunned for a long time without reacting.

Zhao Hai looked at him and couldn't help but cough slightly, and then pushed the jade box and jade slips in front of the man. Only then did the man react. He made a sound, and then immediately picked up the jade box and jade slips. The jade slip he had just given to Zhao Hai before was put aside casually. Then he picked up the jade box and opened it directly. He found that there was indeed a mature green jade mushroom in the jade box, and he couldn't help but grow it. tone, then he raised his head, took a deep look at Zhao Hai, and then said in a deep voice: "The inspection of the mission items is completed, there are no problems, and the mission rewards will be distributed." After saying that, he directly put away the jade box, and then left From a box next to him, he took out a space bag, then handed the space bag to Zhao Hai, and said in a deep voice: "Here are a hundred spirit stones. Take the spirit stones away and leave the space bag."