c7859 secret passage

Early the next morning, after Zhao Hai got up, he left the room and ate some food in the store. Then he came to the street and walked around. No one noticed that Zhao Hai spent the most time there. The long place is actually the Xuanjia Sect's station in the town, where Yuchi Tiedan lives, and Zhao Hai is scouting the environment. .

After looking at the environment of the town, Zhao Hai went to the grocery store and bought a lot of things. Then Zhao Hai went to the town and saw the small stalls set up by some monks in the town. There, I bought a few more things, and then entered the Xuanming Armor Store.

As soon as Zhao Hai entered the Xuanming Armor Shop, he found that there seemed to be several people in the shop, all looking at him. The looks of those people were a little unkind, but Zhao Hai didn't pay attention and took a careful look at the task board. There are still many tasks today, and several of them are about purchasing some medicinal materials.

Zhao Hai looked at the tasks, and finally found that he actually had a task medicinal material in his hand. He walked over directly, then took the task, then immediately handed over the task, and then took the task directly. After receiving the reward, he left the mission hall, but Zhao Hai's actions made other casual cultivators stunned at that time.

Among the casual cultivators, some people had seen what Zhao Hai did yesterday, but they didn't expect that they would see it again today. This made those people very surprised. They really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would do it again. They really couldn't understand how Zhao Hai could do this.

Zhao Hai ignored them. After coming out of the mission hall, he went directly back to the Junyue Inn. When he arrived at the Junyue Inn, it was almost time to have lunch. After eating, Zhao Hai went directly back to himself. In the room, he took out all the things he bought from the grocery store today.

He bought a lot of things from the grocery store today. Although these things are good, for a monk, the things he bought today are all ordinary things. They are not very good things. But these things , sometimes if used properly, it can play a huge role.

After taking care of all those things, Zhao Hai sat in the room and kept looking at Yuchi Tiedan. However, to Zhao Hai's disappointment, Yuchi Tiedan did not take any action. He has been staying silent today. In the station, and in this way, Zhao Hai has no chance.

In the following days, Zhao Hai has been monitoring Yuchi Tiedan. Not only is he monitoring Yuchi Tiedan's actions, he also has to do tasks. Taking advantage of the opportunity to do tasks, he also reports the situation around the town. Everyone knew clearly that he was waiting for an opportunity to leave Yuchi Tiedan alone.

But what disappoints Zhao Hai is that more than twenty days have passed and Yuchi Tiedan has not left the station. This makes Zhao Hai very disappointed, but he also knows that he can't be too anxious. The reason why he doesn't want to be here When dealing with Yuchi Tiedan, he showed his strength, but he was worried that he would be discovered by the people from Hell Gate. Those people from Hell Gate are really amazing. They can really be said to be elusive. Facing such people , Zhao Hai definitely does not dare to take it lightly. He will not leave any loopholes for these people to notice, so he has been waiting for the opportunity.

Of course, he has not been idle these days. He has been doing tasks. He has done a lot of tasks these days, but his tasks are a little special. When he has nothing to do, he will leave the town and go to Collect some medicine, and then take the medicine with you. Then go to the mission hall to see if there are any tasks. If there is a mission in the mission hall that requires him to collect medicinal materials, then he will send the medicinal materials immediately, so that After completing the task, if there is no task for him to collect medicinal materials in the mission hall, and his medicinal materials cannot be stored for a long time, he will directly dispose of those medicinal materials. Although he does not make as much money from doing the tasks, he still has a lot of money. The income is not small. Because of this, he lives a very comfortable life. The most important thing is that he does not have to worry about anyone dealing with him on the way.

Because he is not on a mission, no one knows where he is going or where he is coming back from. It is not that easy to intercept him on the way. Even if you want to track him, it is not an easy task. , so although other casual cultivators in the town wanted to deal with Zhao Hai, they never had a chance.

On the twenty-fifth day after Zhao Hai arrived in the town, Zhao Hai had just returned from collecting herbs. When he was looking at today's tasks in the task hall, he suddenly received a reminder. This reminder was exactly what his biological brain knew. His own reminder, and the biological brain that reminded him was the biological brain that had been monitoring Yuchi Tiedan. As soon as Zhao Hai saw this situation, he immediately knew that something was wrong. As soon as he thought of this, he immediately paid attention The force was concentrated on the picture of Yuchi Tiedan.

And as soon as he turned around, he heard Yuchi Tiedan's voice: "So these days, I have to thank you, junior brother. When I get out of seclusion, I will not treat you badly." Yuchi Tiedan was saying Talking to a monk, and that monk is a junior fellow of Yuchi Tiedan, a disciple of Xuanjia Sect, his surname is Bai.

When Junior Brother Bai heard what Yuchi Tiedan said, he quickly said: "Brother, please don't worry. As long as I'm here, there won't be any trouble in the town. Retreat is a big deal. Please rest assured and just retreat." Yuchi Tie Dan nodded, and after explaining a few more words to Junior Brother Bai, he asked Junior Brother Bai to leave his room.

After Junior Brother Bai left, Yuchi Tiedan walked to the secret room behind his house. It seemed that he was really going to retreat. When he saw his actions, Zhao Hai couldn't help but be stunned. He was really What I didn't expect was that the other party would actually go into seclusion. If the other party really went into seclusion like this, it would be impossible to deal with the other party.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but frowned. To be honest, what Yuchi Tiedan did was indeed beyond his expectation. He knew the previous conversation between Yuchi Tiedan and the ghost. He was given a month, and now the time is almost up, but Yuchi Tiedan has not gone to find the ghost. In other words, it is impossible for him to hand over the things he traded with the ghost to the ghost. That means their deal isn't complete yet.

If a month is up and he hasn't given the ghost what he wants, he will be hunted down by the Transcendence Organization. By that time, let alone a young disciple of the Xuanjia Sect, Even the leader of the Xuanjia Sect would probably be destroyed by the Chaodu Ren Organization, which had assassinated the elders of those major sects.

Just when Zhao Hai didn't know what Yuchi Tiedan was planning, Yuchi Tiedan gave Zhao Hai the answer himself. That night, when Zhao Hai thought that Yuchi Tiedan would really retreat in the secret room, Yuchi Tiedan, who had been sitting there as if he was practicing in seclusion, stood up immediately. Then he glanced around, and then he actually lifted a stone on the ground in the secret room. When he got up, there was a deep cave entrance under the stone. Then Yuchi Tiedan jumped directly into the cave entrance, and under the cave entrance, there was a tunnel.

This tunnel is very long, and it seems that it did not take a long time to build. However, this tunnel was built using magic. Yuchi Tiedan walked quickly in the tunnel, and soon he was moving forward. It had been more than ten miles, and then he came out of the tunnel. After coming out, Zhao Hai discovered that they had left the town and were on an inconspicuous hill outside the town.

Zhao Hai also understood why Yuchi Tiedan used a tunnel to come out of the town instead of using a portable teleportation array, or flying out of the town directly, or using magic to come out directly from the town's underground. In fact, these methods cannot be used, because it is impossible for any sect to allow you to use the portable teleportation array casually in your own sect, or use spells in the sect's Of course, if you travel underground, it is even more impossible for you to fly around at will in Zongrang.

If that sect really dares to do this, then his enemies will take advantage of these opportunities to rush directly into their sect, directly attack the core of their sect, and destroy their sect. Oh, something like this has happened here in Wanshan Realm before. Some sects can use the portable teleportation array at will and can fly at will in the sect. However, the enemy took advantage of this and concentrated it directly. He created a large number of portable teleportation arrays, then appeared directly in the core area of ​​that sect, attacked the senior officials of that sect, and wiped out that sect in one fell swoop.

After something like this happened, each sect has become very strict about the management of portable teleportation arrays. Generally, the portable teleportation arrays of sects can only be used outside the sect, and cannot be used inside the sect. Well, in the sect, you can still fly during the day, but at night, you absolutely cannot fly. It is even more impossible to use magic to move underground, because all the sects will be in the sect, pretending The previous earth attribute magic circle, this magic circle can serve as an early warning. If someone is underground in the sect and uses earth attribute magic to advance, the sect will know immediately and use this method at that time. Disciples will be severely punished by the sect.

But if a tunnel is dug in the sect in advance when the sect is established, then there is no need to worry about being discovered by the sect, because there is no need to use magic to advance in the tunnel, and the early warning method The formation will not call the police, and the sect will naturally not find out.

Therefore, although the tunnel in Yuchi Tiedan's room is very strange, the method he used can indeed come out of the small town without anyone noticing. Although the town is not a sect, the original establishment of this The Xuanjia Sect disciples in the small town have installed a lot of defensive arrays here, which are similar to those installed by the sect. Although they are not as strong as the defensive arrays installed by the sect, the defensive methods are the same.