c7854 Inn

After Zhao Hai had dinner in the hotel, he left the shop directly. He had already got a lot of information from the fifth uncle. Now he was even more surprised by the ability of Hell Gate, because Hell Gate He actually got him to such a place directly. This is a market where Xuanjia Sect disciples trade, and the person in charge of this market now turns out to be Yuchi Tiedan. In other words, his target is here. In this small town.

After Zhao Hai left the shop, he walked slowly in the town. He found that in addition to hotels and grocery stores, the most popular inns in this town were some inns, some large and some small. The inn looks very impressive, and the people who come in and out of there are mostly disciples of the Xuanjia Sect. Some smaller inns look relatively simple, and the people who come in and out of there are mostly casual people. build.

Zhao Hai walked slowly in the town. After a while, he walked into an alley. In that alley, there was also a small inn. Although this small inn was small, Zhao Hai had already He saw several casual cultivators coming in and out of this small inn, which showed that there were still many people living here, so Zhao Hai chose this small shop called Junyue Inn.

When Zhao Hai walked into the shop, he saw that there was a small restaurant on the first floor of the shop. Next to the door was a small counter. A fat man who looked to be in his forties was standing there. Inside the counter, this fat man looked very fat, and he was not very tall. He always had a smile on his face, giving people a very festive feeling.

As soon as the fat man saw Zhao Hai, he immediately smiled at Zhao Hai and said: "Welcome guest, I wonder if you want to stay in the hotel?" Zhao Hai nodded quickly and said: "Yes, the shopkeeper, I don't know if I can return it." Are there any free rooms?" After Zhao Hai entered the store, he also discovered that in the small restaurant, several monks were eating there, talking while eating, and the food they ate was very simple. It's nothing more than some green vegetables and some staple food like steamed buns.

When the shopkeeper heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately said: "Yes, of course there is. The rooms in our store are divided into four levels: A, B, C and D. The A-level rooms are all the best rooms in the store. There are There is a living room, a bedroom, and a dining room. The waiter can deliver your meals directly to the room. It is also the room with the best light. A B-level room has a living room and a bedroom. It is also very comfortable to live in. It is a C-level room. The room has only one bedroom, but the bedroom is very large. It can be said that the bedroom and the living room are connected. However, the D-shaped room has only one bedroom. The bedroom is not large in area and only has one bed. But the beds we have here are all very comfortable, and the rooms are very clean, and the prices in our store are the cheapest in the whole town."

Zhao Hai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "How many spirit stones are there per day in a C-level room?" Zhao Hai felt that it was better to keep a low profile, so he directly asked about the C-level room. In his opinion, C-level room He can live in a T-level room. As for a T-level room, although it is okay, it is not necessary. He believes that there should be many people living in a T-level room. It might be very noisy, and he doesn't want to live there.

The shopkeeper didn't look down on Zhao Hai because he wanted a C-level room, but smiled and said: "It's a very cheap guest. You only need one spirit stone for two days. If you only need to stay for one day, It's okay. We can charge you a spiritual stone and give you three meals a day. If you think this is not good, then we can also exchange you for a spiritual stone, but it is a used spiritual stone and the energy is only normal. Half of the spirit stone, what do you think, sir?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, then it's room C. Boss, I wonder if I can live on a monthly basis? Can it be cheaper on a monthly basis?" Zhao Hai knew that he had to live here for a while. So he directly asked the boss if he could get a monthly subscription. This was of course not because he didn't have spiritual stones, but because he was now a casual cultivator. Even if casual cultivators had spiritual stones, they would still ask this question when they stayed in the hotel.

When the boss heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then he immediately said with a smile: "Sir, our store cannot make deductions, but if you really want to live on a monthly basis, then our store can give it to you. We provide three meals a day, although it won’t be very popular, but each meal also has two dishes, including meat and vegetables, do you like it?”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, then it's settled. These are ten spiritual stones. Make the order first and then show me the room." When Zhao Hai heard what the boss said, he naturally agreed. , so he directly took out ten spiritual stones and made an order. The boss happily accepted the spiritual stones, and then said loudly: "Xiaobing, Xiaobing, where did you go? Take this guest with you quickly." Go and look at the room, remember, Room C, No. 7."

Following his voice, a guy ran down the stairs quickly. This guy looked about twenty years old and average-looking, but there was a hint of cleverness in his eyes. He came quickly. When he arrived in front of Zhao Hai, he saluted Zhao Hai and said: "My guest, please come with me."

Zhao Hai nodded and followed the guy upstairs. After a while, he reached the third floor. Then he stopped in front of a room on the third floor with Bingqi written on it. Then he took out a jade plaque and banged it on the door. Pressing the button, a light flashed on the door, and then the guy pushed the door open, and then said to Zhao Hai: "Your Majesty, please."

Zhao Hai nodded and entered the room. He saw that it was a small room. Inside the room was a bed. Outside, there was a small round table with two chairs on both sides of the small round table. There was a small room next to him. Zhao Hai took a look at the small room and found that it was a clean room, which was a convenient place for people. There was a toilet in it, and there was nothing interesting about it.

However, this room was very clean. Zhao Hai couldn't help but nodded, turned to the guy named Xiao Bing and said, "Yes, I want this room." When the guy heard what Zhao Hai said, he quickly put his hand in his hand. The jade token was given to Zhao Hai. This jade token seemed to be equivalent to a room key. Zhao Hai took the jade token directly and put it away.

After Zhao Hai put away the jade token, Xiao Bing saluted Zhao Hai and then left the room. After Xiao Bing left the room, Zhao Hai looked at the room carefully. This room was not big, but it could only be used by one person. It was enough to get up. Zhao Hai also paid attention to the situation in the room and found that there was no surveillance circle in the room. He was relieved.

After taking a look at the room, he pushed the door open and left the room and walked outside. When he arrived downstairs, the shopkeeper saw Zhao Hai and immediately smiled and said: "Sir, you'd like to take care of the room." Satisfied?" The smile on his face really made people feel very cordial, and he should have already known that Zhao Hai was very satisfied with the room, but he still asked like this. It seemed that he just wanted to hear what Zhao Hai said, Zhao Hai was very satisfied with that room.

Of course Zhao Hai knew what he was thinking, so he smiled slightly and said: "Satisfied, very satisfied. I really didn't expect that the room is not expensive and it is so clean. Boss, I will stay here permanently from now on." Of course Zhao Hai He would not offend the boss at this time, so he said this.

When the shopkeeper heard what Zhao Hai said, he seemed very happy. He smiled so chubbyly that his eyes disappeared. He saluted Zhao Hai and said: "You live comfortably, which is the greatest encouragement to us. You are so Are you going out?" The shopkeeper is really good at chatting, and using such a casual way of talking, he unknowingly narrowed the distance between the two parties.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Yes, let's go out for a walk. I have just come to this town. I have only heard of it before and have never been here. This time I came here just to see if there are any good tasks here. You can do it, you know, casual cultivators, it’s not easy to get around there, I heard from others that I can earn more spiritual stones here, so I came here.”

The boss didn't care at all, because many people came to this town because of this, so he was not surprised by Zhao Hai's statement. He smiled and said: "If you want to take the mission, sir, It is best to go to the Xuanming Armor Shop. The Xuanming Armor Shop here is run by the adults of the Xuanjia Sect. There are many tasks there every day, and they also give out a lot of spiritual stones, and they are very generous."

Zhao Hai thanked the boss, then left the inn and walked to the main street of the town. He had seen the Xuanming Armor Store on the main street of the town before. This store is similar to the one in Linyuan Town. The Xuanjia Sect's store has the same name, and it seems that all the stores opened by the Xuanjia Sect should be called this name.

However, what is different from Linyuan Town is that here you can’t see stores from other sects, only Xuanjia Sect’s stores, so the Xuanming Armor store here is also the most impressive building in the entire town. It is very large, and it is a five-story building. The whole building is made of wood, but the outside of the wood is painted, which is very beautiful.

Zhao Hai walked to the door of Xuanming Armor Shop and took a look inside the shop. He found that the shop was very lively now, with many casual cultivators coming in and out. What surprised Zhao Hai was that he was still looking at it. Zhao Hai was very surprised to see some Xuanjia Sect disciples coming in and out of this store.

But he just took a look and then entered the store. As soon as he entered the store, Zhao Hai was stunned. This place was completely different from the Xuanming Armor Store in Linyuan Town. Store A looks like a big store with a lot of things for sale, but Xuanming Armor Store here is more like a mission hall. At the end of the store, there is a counter, and there are people sitting inside the counter. There are some monks, and on the innermost wall, there is a large board with many tasks written on it, followed by some requirements and rewards for the tasks.

Many casual cultivators were looking at the big board there. Whenever a casual cultivator came to the counter, someone would go to the big board and write the word "accepted" on the back of a task. It looked like A task with this kind of word on it means that it has already been taken over. Tasks written with such words will soon be erased and new tasks written on them.