c7852 Task

The floor of the hall is made of stone slabs, and there are no pillars in the hall. The whole hall looks very simple. There are just a few people wearing ghost masks standing on both sides of the hall. In addition, the light in the hall is not very bright. And it has a red color, so the whole hall looks even more eerie.

Zhao Hai slowly walked forward in the hall. The whole hall was surprisingly quiet. Only the sound of his footsteps could be heard. When Zhao Hai walked to the middle of the hall, he heard a voice saying: "Stop. Salute!" As soon as Zhao Hai heard this, he understood that this was meant for him. He immediately stopped and then gave a deep salute in the direction of the chief seat and said: "Zhao Ying, I have met you, sir."

"I, King Qin Guang, am one of the top ten Yamas of the Hell Sect. Zhao Ying, your origin is unknown and you are not qualified to join our Hell Sect. However, I have Hu Zhi, a peripheral disciple of the Hell Sect, as my guarantee, so we decided to give you a chance. , as long as you can complete the test in my sect, then you will be a disciple of the Hell Sect, are you willing." The voice that Zhao Hai heard outside the hall before came.

Zhao Hai quickly said: "Yes, sir, Zhao Ying is willing!" He still lowered his head, acting as if he was very honest and a little scared. Zhao Hai's behavior is actually normal for many people. Abnormal, so no one would suspect him of anything.

At this time, he heard a voice saying: "Raise your head." Zhao Hai responded, then straightened up and raised his head. As soon as he raised his head, he saw someone more than ten meters away from him. There is a high platform about two meters high. On the high platform, there is a stone table. Behind the stone table is a huge stone chair. The heads of various evil ghosts are carved on the stone chair. Looking at it, those fierce ghosts either looked very painful or very angry, and they all looked ferocious.

There is a person sitting on the stone chair. This person is very tall. He is wearing black clothes, but the clothes are embroidered with gold thread to look like a ghost, and on his face, there is also a The mask, this mask looks very normal. The mask is cyan, looks like a human face, and has a big beard. His eyes are wide open, giving people a sense of calmness and self-power. There is also a A man with the same hat, that hat was very big and had very long wings. Coupled with his tall figure, he sat there as if he were an ancient demon god crawling out of hell.

Zhao Hai can tell that his mask may be made of blue steel, and there is a magic circle on it. It should be a magic weapon, but what is the use of this magic weapon? Zhao Hai doesn't know. They didn't need to know, he just stood there quietly, looking at King Qin Guang.

King Qin Guang also looked at Zhao Hai. There were two red crystals in his mask's eyes, and his eyes should be behind the crystals. Zhao Hai could even feel the cold gaze behind the crystals. . Zhao Hai is almost certain that the other party does not trust him. It is just because of their regulations that they must give him this opportunity.

However, Zhao Hai never thought about asking for more. He just stood there with a calm face. King Qin Guang looked at him for a while, and then he said: "Come here, give him the jade slip." Immediately A man wearing a kid mask responded, then walked over from the side with a jade slip in his hand, and then handed the jade slip to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai took the jade slip, but did not look at it immediately. Instead, he looked at King Qin Guang. King Qin Guang looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "In this jade slip, there is your test this time." Take a good look at the mission yourself." Zhao Hai responded and immediately penetrated his mental power into the jade slip, and soon he could clearly see the content of his test mission this time.

The person Zhao Hai wants to deal with this time is a disciple of the Xuanjia Sect. This disciple of the Xuanjia Sect is actually a formal disciple of the Xuanjia Sect. He is not weak in strength and has reached the rank of sergeant. And Zhao Hai’s mission this time He just wanted to kill him. The duration of the mission was three months. As long as he could kill this man named Yuchi Tiedan within three months, he would be considered to have completed this mission. Otherwise, he had not completed it. Task.

When Zhao Hai saw this task, he couldn't help but be startled, because he felt that this task seemed a bit too difficult for his current strength. The opponent was a sergeant-level master. For a casual cultivator, a knight-level master is already very powerful, but for the other party to use such a master as his test task is indeed a bit excessive.

Just when he was thinking about these things, the jade slip burst into pieces with a bang. Zhao Hai looked at the broken jade slip and was not too surprised. With such a method, It is actually very common in the world of cultivation. A jade slip will self-destruct after being looked at. This is very normal and nothing extraordinary.

Zhao Hai put away the broken jade slips, then saluted King Qin Guang and said, "Sir, I have read the mission. When can I complete the mission?" Zhao Hai felt that he could not complete the mission this time. Forcibly, that would only expose his strength. He must outwit him, and if he wanted to outwit him, he would need a certain amount of time to conduct reconnaissance, so he said this.

King Qin Guang's cold eyes fell on Zhao Hai once, and he said solemnly: "It's okay now, I will have someone send you directly to the Xuanjia Sect's territory, but I won't give you too much There is a lot of information, that is to say, from collecting that person's information to killing that person, all of this must be completed by yourself. When you complete it, someone will naturally come to pick you up, so go ahead. "After speaking, King Qin Guang waved his hand, Zhao Hai responded, saluted him again, and then slowly exited the hall.

When Zhao Hai exited the hall, a man wearing a kid's mask walked up to him. Zhao Hai was sure that the kid with the mask was not the kid who led him here before, but Zhao Hai didn't either. What to say, because this kid with a mask said to Zhao Hai: "Follow me." Zhao Hai naturally followed him obediently.

The kid led Zhao Hai around the tunnel for nearly half an hour before arriving at a cave. The cave was not very big. There was only a teleportation array in it that could teleport about a hundred people at a time. The kid signaled Zhao Hai to stand on the teleportation array, and Zhao Hai walked directly to the teleportation array. He didn't ask any questions during the whole process.

After arriving at the teleportation array, the kid directly activated the teleportation array. Then with a flash of white light, Zhao Hai disappeared into the cave. The kid took a look at the situation in the cave, and then changed the teleportation array in the cave. After checking the coordinates, I left the cave.

Zhao Hai felt his eyes dazzle, and the next moment he had appeared in another room. This room was large, but also very dark. He looked around the room and found that this room seemed to be a warehouse, because There were piles of stuff inside, but nothing special.

While Zhao Hai was looking around, he heard a voice saying: "Come out of the teleportation array." This voice was so erratic that people couldn't tell where it came from, and Zhao Hai didn't say much. Saying anything, he walked out of the teleportation array, and then he saw a masked person coming out from behind a pile of things.

This man also wore a mask and black clothes. His mask also looked like a kid. Zhao Haigang was about to salute, but the man waved his hand and said, "Well, I'm only responsible for welcoming you, so you don't have to be polite to me." , I have to put on a mask for you. This mask is a magic weapon. This mask will be given to you from now on until you complete the task. But now I put this mask on you to prevent you from knowing, Where are you, don't resist." After saying that, the man walked up to Zhao Hai, took out a mask and put it on Zhao Hai's head. Zhao Hai followed the instructions and did not resist.

This mask is very ordinary, just like an iron hat with a thin iron plate. The iron hat can be placed on Zhao Hai's head, but the thin iron plate can just block Zhao Hai's face. Then he saw The man fiddled with the iron hat, and then input a trace of spiritual energy into the iron hat. Zhao Hai felt that his eyesight went dark and he could not see anything, and his mental power could not do anything. Teleport out.

Then Zhao Hai felt his hand being held by someone, and then he felt the person move forward. He walked forward for about an hour and then stopped. In the process, Zhao Hai Hai could feel the heavy moisture, but he couldn't hear the sound, but even so, he was still sure that he must have been next to a river before, and this river should be an underground river. He should He walked forward by the side of this underground river, otherwise, he would not have felt such heavy moisture.

When he stopped for a moment, he felt his eyes light up, and then he could see the situation around him clearly. However, after seeing the situation around him clearly, he was slightly dazed because he found out that he had been lured out before. The little devil has disappeared now, and his current location is on the bank of a river. However, there is no one on the bank of the river, and there are trees all around. He It turned out to be in the woods.

Zhao Hai glanced around and found that he was indeed in the woods. He couldn't help but feel a little curious. Then he moved and flew up. Looking around in mid-air, he found that he was indeed in a forest. There seemed to be no human habitation within dozens of miles around the woods.

Zhao Hai frowned, then he took a look at the direction of the river and began to walk towards the lower reaches of the river. Human life is inseparable from water, even monks can do it. Although monks can use magic to Water comes out of the water, but unless the situation is very special, the monks will not do this, because it will waste their spiritual energy, so even the monks usually only live next to the river, because it will be difficult to collect water in this way. More convenient.

Zhao Hai believed that if he walked along the river, he would definitely find a place where people lived. He had to figure out where he was first, and then he could know how to complete the task. This was It was very important, so Zhao Hai was not in a hurry and just walked slowly towards the lower reaches of the river. He believed that he would encounter people.