c7853 small town

Zhao Hai walked forward for more than two hours and then discovered a small town. This town was not very big. It looked not much bigger than Linyuan Town, but it was very lively and the population seemed to be larger than Linyuan Town. Yuan Town was much larger. Zhao Hai did not enter the town immediately. Instead, he took a look at the town outside the town. After taking a look, he became a little curious because he discovered that there were many people in this town. The people are actually very special. In other small towns, they are usually all casual cultivators, but the people in this town are not just casual cultivators. There are actually many monks wearing black warrior uniforms. Their warrior uniforms, It is obviously much better than the warrior uniforms worn by monks, and the styles are uniform. The most important thing is that those warrior uniforms seem to be all robes with magic circles on them. You can tell at a glance that they are definitely not the same. Maybe casual cultivators can afford it. .

After Zhao Hai discovered that there were many casual cultivators in the town, he felt relieved. He walked slowly towards the town. He was still very confident about his condition. He looked very ordinary now. He is someone who will not be remembered even if he is placed in a crowd, so when he enters the town, he will not attract attention. As for those monks wearing black warrior uniforms, Zhao Hai is almost certain that they are all People from Xuanjia Sect.

The reason why Zhao Hai is sure is that firstly, the skin color of those monks is much darker than that of ordinary people. This is a characteristic of Xuanjia Sect disciples. Secondly, because he is here to kill a man named Yuchi. Tiedan is a disciple of the Xuanjia Sect. If the people from Hell Sect don't send him to the Xuanjia Sect, that would be really insincere.

Zhao Hai entered the town, and sure enough no one paid attention to him, and Zhao Hai didn't look around. He just walked slowly into the town, paying attention to the surroundings. He found that there were many shops in this town, and soon Zhao Hai came to the front of a shop. This was a tavern. The tavern only had two floors and was not very large. There were sounds of people inside, and it could be seen that there were many people drinking inside.

Zhao Hai walked directly into the tavern. As soon as he entered the tavern, he was immediately greeted by a waiter. He saluted Zhao Hai and said: "I have seen the guest. The guest is here to dine. Please come in." After that, He made a gesture of invitation, and Zhao Hai did not refuse, and walked straight into the tavern. As he walked forward, he said to the waiter: "Brother, find me a quieter place."

When the guy heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately shouted and said at the same time: "Sir, do you think you want to go to the private seats above or in the hall below?" The guy didn't think that Zhao Hai was a casual person. Xiu Er looked down upon him. He always looked very respectful and was very polite after he finished speaking.

Zhao Hai glanced around and said in a deep voice: "Just downstairs." The waiter responded, causing Zhao Hai to come to a neat table on the first floor. This was an Eight Immortals table, nothing special. Zhao Hai After Hai sat down, the waiter immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said, "What kind of food would you like, sir?"

Zhao Hai took a look around and found that although most of the people here were casual cultivators, their lives seemed to be much better than those in Linyuan Town, because many people had meat and vegetables on their tables, and they didn't even have food. Young Master, Zhao Hai immediately said: "Two meat and vegetables, four side dishes, look at it, here are four bottles of wine." The waiter responded and turned around to go down.

The waiter didn't shout loudly about what dishes he wanted to serve. Obviously, he was afraid that his shouting would disturb the casual cultivators. If he really met a bad-tempered person, he would make a noise because of his shouting. If you go to someone else's house, you will get beaten if you don't do it well, so the man went directly to prepare food and drinks for Zhao Hai.

In taverns like this, their wine bottles are usually rationed, for example, a bottle is half a catty of wine, or a bottle is 20 taels of wine. Generally, the regulars of such a tavern will not say that they need it. Instead of asking the waiter to serve a few kilograms of wine, Zhao Hai directly ordered four bottles of wine. The alcohol content of the wine here is generally not too high. If a monk drinks several kilograms, there will be absolutely no problem. of.

Zhao Hai looked calm. He saw many casual cultivators around him. They were all chatting, but you could only see them talking, but you couldn't see them making any sound. Although some cultivators were talking loudly. , but the content of what they said was nothing nice and nothing of value.

However, this did not trouble Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai immediately focused his attention on those casual cultivators who used magic to prevent outsiders from hearing what they said. Although those people used magic to prevent outsiders from hearing what they said, What are they talking about, but this outsider definitely does not include Zhao Hai. It is really easy for Zhao Hai to listen to them.

So Zhao Hai's attention was concentrated, and he immediately heard a lot of noises. Soon he focused on the two monks. The location of the two monks was near the window, their table. There were also four side dishes and six bottles of wine on the table. The two of them were also talking, but outsiders couldn't hear their voices, but Zhao Hai wanted to hear them, so he heard them.

Both of these people were wearing gray samurai uniforms. You could tell at a glance that they were casual cultivators. One of them looked to be in his forties and was a bit thin, but his eyes were shining. You could tell at a glance that he was definitely a capable person. And Opposite him is a monk who looks to be in his twenties and has a somewhat honest appearance. Although this monk seems to be pretty strong, there is a trace of childishness on his face. This childishness does not mean that he is young. , but said that he has little experience in the arena, and at first glance he doesn’t look like those old arena players. He probably hasn’t debuted for a long time.

Zhao Hai heard the thin casual cultivator in his forties say: "Chou Niu, this place is no better than my hometown or the place where ordinary cultivators live. This is the territory of Xuanjia Sect, and this small town is actually the territory of Xuanjia Sect. A trading place established by the disciples slowly developed into the small formation it is today. Although Xuanjia Sect did not explicitly send people to manage this place, it was actually managed by disciples of Xuanjia Sect, so You must be careful here, let alone offend those sect disciples."

The young and honest monk named Chou Nian said: "Fifth Uncle, don't worry, I won't offend those sect disciples. How dare I offend them? You don't have to worry." What he said It's natural, and he looks a little indifferent. It seems that he should be very clear that he must not offend those sect disciples, and he really does not dare to offend those sect disciples.

Uncle Wu looked at him and said in a deep voice: "As long as you know, those of us can make a living here because those sect disciples have given us a chance. If we offend those sect disciples, let alone those sect disciples." We are disciples, even other casual cultivators will not let us go, so we must be careful. I heard that the person in charge of this town has changed recently, so there may be some changes in the town, and we must be more careful. Be careful."

The ugly cow looked at Uncle Wu and couldn't help but said curiously: "Uncle Wu, will the person in charge of this town change frequently? Does it mean that once the person in charge changes, do we have to be careful? Right? Do we have any influence?" This boy named Chou Niu had obviously just arrived in the town and didn't know much about the situation in the town, so he asked this question. However, the questions he asked were none other than Zhao. What the sea needs.

At this time, the waiter had already brought Zhao Hai's food and wine, and then bowed and retreated. While Zhao Hai was drinking wine and listening to the conversation between the uncle and nephew, he heard the fifth uncle say: " The person in charge of the town changes frequently. I have told you that this town was originally a place where disciples of the Xuanjia Sect traded. In fact, there are different factions in the Xuanjia Sect. Those sects The disciples are also fighting back and forth, and a small town like this has great benefits, so the disciples of Xuanjia Sect want to control such a small town so as to bring them stability. income. I heard that the person in charge of this town was defeated during the internal fight of Xuanjia Sect, so the person in charge here was replaced by the new person in charge. It seems that his surname is Yuchi should be called Yuchi Tiedan. He was the winner of the last battle. Under normal circumstances, in a small town like this, if the person in charge is changed, the other party will definitely take some actions, such as increasing the tax rate. , this is what those sect disciples often do, they just want to squeeze more oil out of us."

Chou Niu was stunned when he heard what Uncle Wu said. He was about to speak, but Uncle Wu shook his head at him, then looked around and said in a deep voice: "Remember, what I told you today If you dare to say these words, I am afraid that both of our lives will be lost. What I told you was all told to me by an adult from the Xuanjia Sect. That adult and I There was some friendship. I collected some medicinal materials that adult needed and gave them to him. I had some friendship with that adult. That adult usually asked me to do some things for him that were not convenient for him to do. , this way we have some friendship, so he will tell me these things this time. Others don't know these things yet, so you must not tell this matter, otherwise we will really be in danger." While saying this, the fifth uncle was still looking around, as if he was afraid that someone would listen to them. Although he used magic, he was still so careful, which shows that he thinks this matter is indeed very important. .

The ugly cow responded, and then said: "Fifth uncle, what does the new Mr. Yuchi look like? If I really see him in the future, I can hide away a little, otherwise, if we If we really offend him, then we really don’t even know how we died.”

Uncle Wu glared and said, "What nonsense are you talking about? Remember, whether it is Mr. Yuchi or other adults, as long as you meet him, you must avoid it and don't try to get along. It is absolutely impossible that you will get any benefits by being around those adults. The most likely possibility is that you will offend those adults unintentionally and be killed by those adults in the end. Do you understand?"