c7857 ghost

Soon, all kinds of pictures and sounds gathered here. If an ordinary person wants to find something useful from so many pictures and sounds, it is not easy. It was an easy thing, but Zhao Hai had a powerful biological brain for analysis, and he quickly found the one that was most useful to him from these pictures.

Zhao Hai immediately enlarged the picture and focused all his attention on the picture. There were several people on the picture. They were all dressed in black. It seemed that they were all members of the Xuanjia Sect, and these people Sitting in a living room, on the main seat of the living room, sat a person. This person was not very tall, only about five feet tall, but he was very strong. The whole person seemed to be square. .

He was wearing black clothes from the Xuanjia Sect, and his skin was very dark, but he was not ugly. His eyes were bright and clear. He was sitting at the main seat and talking with a loud voice. I heard that person say: "Junior brothers, your missions have been taken over today. If nothing else is good here, I am very happy with how the casual cultivators have completed their missions. They are really capable. Son, all kinds of tasks can be completed. By the way, Junior Brother Su, I just heard that the green jade mushroom you asked for has been delivered. I heard that guy is very interesting. He actually took it. He followed the Green Jade Mushroom to the mission hall, accepted the mission, and then completed the mission immediately, which stunned everyone in the hall."

The monk next to him, who was also very dark-skinned but very thin, was stunned when he heard what he said. Then he said to the person on the throne with some confusion: "Senior Brother Yuchi, I want green." Has the jade mushroom really been delivered? Although this green jade is not a precious medicinal material, it is not easy to find it. You found it so quickly? This is really beyond my expectation. By the way, you Saying that he came with the medicinal materials and then accepted the mission, does that mean that he already knew where the medicinal materials were? He saw the mission, then directly took the medicinal materials back, and then handed in the mission? But what if If he really did this, then why did he do this? Isn't he afraid that when he gets the green jade mushrooms back, others will take over this task? If that's the case, is that because I want to get the green jade mushrooms? Is it difficult?”

As soon as Zhao Hai heard what Junior Brother Su said, he knew that the person sitting in the main seat was probably Yuchi Tiedan. This person's strength seemed to be very good. It seemed that he had to be careful. You need to understand his strength, understand his sitting time, and then think of ways to deal with him.

When Yuchi Tiedan heard what Junior Brother Su said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "Junior Brother Su, you have been studying elixirs in the sect for a long time, and you don't come out much. You don't know much about the outside world. As for those casual cultivators, you Even fewer people know about it, so you don’t know what those casual cultivators are about. Let me tell you, none of those casual cultivators are easy to deal with. Although they are not very strong, they are more ruthless than ruthless cultivators. Come on, we people are probably worse off than we are."

"The reason why the person who took over the task wanted to collect the medicine first was because he was afraid that if he took over the task and then went to complete the task, he would be intercepted and killed on the way. If that was really the case, then His work was in vain, so he gathered the medicinal materials first. Killing someone for a hundred low-level spiritual stones like this is definitely not uncommon among casual cultivators."

When Junior Brother Su heard what Zhao Hai said, he was also stunned, and then he couldn't help but said in shock: "Really? Killing people just for a hundred low-grade spiritual stones? Are the lives of those casual cultivators really so bad?" This Junior Brother Su has obviously been in the sect for a long time and doesn't know anything about the casual cultivators outside, so he asked like this.

When Yuchi Tiedan heard what Junior Brother Su said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly, and then said: "You are right, the lives of those casual cultivators are indeed not very good, otherwise they would not want to join We are in our sect, okay, this has nothing to do with us, a few junior brothers came to my place, how about staying here for a few days?"

When the monks heard what Yuchi Tiedan said, they couldn't help but say: "Thank you, senior brother." They usually stay in the sect, but after completing some sect tasks, they rarely have the opportunity to go outside to play. , this time they came here for some tasks of their own. Their tasks were not sect tasks, but their own tasks. If they needed anything, they could put it here and let the casual cultivators help them. Completing these tasks is very simple, and they only need to pay some spirit stones. They don’t need much reward at all to have people deliver what they need to their hands, so they are very interested in it. It was actually quite fun to come here to hand out tasks. Now that Yuchi Tiedan said he wanted them to have fun here, they naturally wanted to relax for a few days.

Yuchi Tiedan looked at them and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Junior brothers, you are so polite. I have asked someone to arrange a resting place for you. Junior brothers, please go and have a rest first. What can we do? Can we talk about it tomorrow?" The Xuanjia Sect disciples all responded, and then they all rushed up, saluted Yuchi Tiedan, and then turned and left.

Just when those people left, Zhao Hai had already commanded some magic insects. He stayed in that room and lurked throughout the room, but he hadn't climbed on Yuchi Tiedan's body yet, but even so, he could see clearly what Yuchi Tiedan was doing, and if Yuchi Tiedan wanted to go out, He will definitely pass by the location of the magic bugs, and then those magic bugs will be able to crawl onto him silently.

Just when Zhao Hai was making these arrangements, he saw Yuchi Tiedan wave his hand and a layer of black shield directly covered his room. Such an action made Zhao Hai couldn't help but For a moment, he didn't know why Yuchi Tiedan did this. If he was in the Xuanjia Sect's territory and the town was under his control, there would be no need for him to do this.

But at this moment, he heard Yuchi Tiedan suddenly say: "Come out." His words made Zhao Hai stunned, and then Zhao Hai's face couldn't help but change slightly. He thought that Yuchi Tiedan He was discovered, which made him a little surprised. You must know that from the time the magic bug was made to the present, if he wants to use the magic bug to spy on someone, no one has ever discovered it. This Yuchi Tiedan actually has such a With his strength, can he be discovered?

At this moment, Zhao Hai suddenly discovered that on a bookshelf in Yuchi Tiedan's room, there was a seemingly broken flying sword, and a wisp of white smoke suddenly came out. The last white smoke It turned into a cloud of smoke, and then the smoke fluctuated and turned into a person, a person wearing white clothes and a white mask on his face.

This man's body was translucent. Zhao Hai knew as soon as he saw this man that he must be a ghost. But what made Zhao Hai feel strange was that he was obviously a ghost, but he had a ghost on his face. The mask, that mask was all white, but it had a smiling face on it.

In fact, ghosts cannot use magic weapons, because they themselves have no entity, and magic weapons generally have entities. If they use magic weapons, then they lose the ability to have no body. The magic weapons they carry can Their location is well indicated, so the ghosts do not use magic weapons.

But this ghost seems to be different. He actually uses a magic weapon. The mask is a magic weapon. Zhao Hai is sure of this, but why would a ghost use a magic weapon? This made Zhao Hai feel very strange, and it seemed that this ghost looked like Yuchi Tiedan, and had some unknown secrets.

The ghost appeared in front of Yuchi Iron Pill. Zhao Hai originally thought that the ghost was refined by Yuchi Iron Pill, but when the ghost opened his mouth, he felt something was wrong, because he heard the ghost looked at Yuchi Iron Pill and said: " Mr. Yuchi, we have already done what you asked us to do, but we don’t know our reward, when will you pay us?”

It was precisely because of this sentence that Zhao Hai was sure that this ghost and Yuchi Tiedan might not be in the same group. They were just in a cooperative relationship, and this made Zhao Hai curious. He really wanted to know, a ghost , what kind of deal can we have with Yuchi Tiedan? You must know that although ghosts seem to be very powerful, they actually have many limitations.

In fact, ghosts are produced because people are dead and have obsessions in their souls, and there are very suitable conditions. The so-called suitable conditions are places with strong yin energy. If they are in places with strong yang energy, they are It is absolutely impossible to create a ghost, because after a person dies, if the place where he died is rich in Yang Qi, even if the person is obsessed with it, it will be directly dissolved by the Yang Qi, making it impossible to form a ghost. Ghosts, so only places with strong Yin energy will produce ghosts.

Ghosts have no entity, but if they have no entity at all, it won't work. Therefore, ghosts generally have a place of possession. For example, when a person dies, the sword he used during his lifetime remains, and The place where he died was full of yin energy, and he had obsessions, so his soul would be attached to his sword and slowly turn into a ghost. Under normal circumstances, it is impossible for a ghost to leave him. If the possessed thing is too far away, if it exceeds a certain distance, then the ghost will automatically return to the possessed thing. Only those who are successful in cultivation and powerful than spirits can leave the possessed thing. But such a ghost can no longer be called a ghost, but can already be called a ghost king.

It is precisely because ghosts have so many restrictions that it is actually very difficult for ordinary ghosts to be encountered by people. Even if they are really encountered, it is not easy for them to kill people. People must leave them. The range of activities is safe, and it is impossible to be chased by the ghost all the time, because the ghost cannot change the thing it possesses at will.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.