c7858 Save people

It is precisely because ghosts have so many restrictions that ghosts, a race that seems to be very powerful, almost completely immune to physical attacks, and proficient in mental attacks, are actually not taken very seriously in the world of cultivation, because the ghost race The shortcomings are as obvious as the advantages. As long as you are a monk, it is difficult for the ghost to affect your mind, and as long as the monk uses magic to fight back, it is easy to cause harm to the ghost. Therefore, in the world of cultivation, ghosts are really There's no threat.

The reason why Zhao Hai felt strange was precisely because of this. Yuchi Tiedan was a disciple of Xuanjia Sect, and even if the ghost possessed the iron sword, it would not be able to give Yuchi Tiedan much help. On the contrary , in the big sect, the principle has always been to destroy the ghosts immediately when you find them, because although these ghosts are not difficult to deal with, if you don't deal with these ghosts, you may be attacked by the mental power emitted by the ghosts. Affected by this, he eventually became obsessed, so the attitude of those sects towards ghosts was very obvious, that is, they would destroy them as soon as they saw them, which was correct.

Yuchi Tiedan is a disciple of Xuanjia Sect. He should have destroyed the ghost as soon as he saw it. How could he keep this ghost? Moreover, it can be heard from the tone of this ghost that Yuchi Tiedan and this ghost There is also cooperation, and this ghost does not exist alone. There should be companions, which is even more weird. This is almost impossible to happen in the ghost family.

The reason why I say this is because, in the world of cultivation, except for the ghosts and the ghosts in Zhao Hai's space, it is absolutely impossible for ordinary ghosts to form any gang, because ghosts have one characteristic, that is, they defeat other ghosts. Ghosts will become stronger if they absorb the power of that ghost. Therefore, if two ghosts meet together, there will definitely be a big disaster, and one will eat the other in the end.

It can be said that the ghost that now appears in Yuchi Tiedan's room has completely subverted his understanding of ghosts. He really doesn't know what this ghost is about, why it can wear a mask, and why it has companions. , why it is possible to cooperate with Yuchi Tiedan, all this is unexplainable.

Just when Zhao Hai was thinking about these things in his head, he heard a voice saying: "What you have done is very beautiful. Of course I will not give you less in reward, but you also know that I have just When I took over this town, I really don’t have too many spirit stones, and what you need cannot be bought with spirit stones. I have to go and get it myself, so please give me some. Time, I will definitely give you what you want."

The ghost looked at Yuchi Tiedan and said in a deep voice: "Okay, we are not an unkind organization to save people. We still want to cooperate with you. Let's do this, one month, and I will give you one month." Time, if you still fail to give us what we want after a month, then you will not be able to live in this world, we will deal with you directly, you can take care of yourself." After saying this, the ghost figure moved , returned to the broken sword, and the white light flashed on the broken sword, and then returned to its original appearance, just like an ordinary magic weapon.

Zhao Hai listened quietly to the words of the two people. Although the two of them didn't talk much, he could get a lot of information from their words, and all of this information was very useful. For example, the ghost was born From an organization called Chaodu Ren, for example, the cooperation between them may be to deal with the original controller of this town. Otherwise, Yuchi Tiedan would not specifically mention that he had just obtained the town. For example, in Yuchi Tiedan, the organization called Chaoduren has not yet been paid, and what the organization called Chaoduren needs is not spiritual stones or other ordinary things, but something very special. Something, but what it is, Zhao Hai still doesn’t know.

But Zhao Hai understood one thing, that is, there is an organization here in Wanshan Realm. What exactly does this organization called Chaoduren do? He still doesn't know, but about this matter, he You must pay attention to something, and ask Shi Jin as soon as possible.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai saw that Yuchi Tiedan had nothing to do now. He was just sitting there, not knowing what he was thinking about. He didn't pay attention to Yuchi Tiedan, but directly contacted Shi Jin. As soon as he contacted Shi Jin, Shi Jin immediately responded, and Zhao Hai immediately asked: "Shi Jin, do you know about an organization called Chaoren?"

Shi Jin was silent for a moment, and then he immediately replied, and then said: "Sect Master, where did you hear about the organization Chaodu Ren? Do you have contact with them? If you have contact with them, Be careful, this organization called Chaodu Ren is very extraordinary, they are the largest killer organization in Wanshan Realm."

When Zhao Hai heard what Shi Jin said, he couldn't help but be stunned. He really didn't expect that there was a killer organization here in Wanshan Realm. He couldn't help but become curious, and immediately said: "The killer organization? Please be careful. Tell me, why is there a killer organization here in Wanshan Realm? How could those major sects allow a killer organization to exist here in Wanshan Realm?"

Shi Jin immediately said: "Sect Master, it's like this. No one knows when this salvation organization was established, no one knows how many people they have, and no one knows where their headquarters is. Who is the founder? In short, everything about this organization is a secret. Even before the war between the Shadow Clan and the Wanshan Realm, people did not know that such an organization existed. Until the war between the Wanshan Realm and the Shadow Clan, the Shadow Clan Some commanders of the Shadow Clan were actually assassinated, and the people who assassinated the Shadow Clan commander all claimed to be from the Transcendental People. Only then did people know that such an organization existed in the world, and that this organization It is also a killer organization. When they were dealing with the Shadow Clan, they helped the various sects in the Wanshan Realm. But after the war, they started to do their old job again. They took on all kinds of tasks, and They don't just kill people, it's like some people need their enemies, and their cultivation has been destroyed, or they need their enemies, their strength has been greatly reduced, and then they take revenge themselves. They also accept such tasks, and Whether it is a fight between sect disciples or the assassination of that sect elder, they can do all such tasks, no matter how big or small, but this organization is very mysterious. People know that they are called Chaodu people are outside of a killer organization. How they took the mission, how they completed the mission, how many people they have, no one knows this information. Even we, who steal the door and claim to be the best in intelligence, have no idea about this matter. Very little is known about the matter. The reason for this is because the people in this organization are actually very powerful, and anyone who has contact with them or even has transactions with them must not leak their information. Otherwise, the whole family will be killed, and later it will develop to the point where if anyone wants to leak their information, they will die on the spot, so this organization is very mysterious, and no one knows their details."

Having said this, Shi Jin paused for a moment, and then continued: "I didn't know much about this organization before, so I don't know how they did it, making everyone who wanted to leak their information die on the spot, but After joining the sect, I suddenly had an idea. The reason why they caused those people to die on the spot might be related to the curse technique. They might have put a curse on those who came into contact with them. As long as those people If you want to leak their information, they will be cursed and killed, so this situation occurs.”

Zhao Hai listened to Shi Jin's words quietly until Shi Jin finished speaking. Zhao Hai nodded. He also felt that it should be related to the curse. In fact, the curse technique also has a lot to do with ghosts, because in In the world of cultivation, the power most similar to the curse is actually the power of the ghost. The power of the curse is a completely dark attribute force, and it is extremely destructive. The ghost is a completely negative attribute creature. Because of this, their two powers are similar. What kind of salvation organization can make ghosts use magic weapons? There are so many different places. Then they can’t curse. What's so strange, so Zhao Hai's opinion on this point is the same as Shi Jin's.

Shi Jin then said: "Sect Master, if you meet the Super Salvation Organization, you must not contact them, let alone have any mission contact with them. This Super Salvation Organization is too mysterious. If you really come into contact with them If you do, we might be exposed, so you must not have any contact with them."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Okay, I know, you don't need to worry too much, I just found a person who has contact with the super salvation organization, didn't I tell you before, I came into contact with a An organization called Hell Gate. Although this organization is a casual cultivator organization, it seems to be very powerful and very powerful. I want to join this organization. Now I am completing a test task assigned to us by Hell Gate. Kill A person from the Xuanjia Sect died, and it was when I was looking at that person from the Xuanjia Sect that I discovered that the disciples of the Xuanjia Sect we were dealing with were actually connected to an organization called Chaodu, and this one was called Chaodu Human organization is very interesting."

Then Zhao Hai spied on Yuchi Tiedan, but saw a ghost, and this ghost was wearing a mask and companions. In addition, he told Shi Jin everything about the transaction between the two parties, and asked Shi Jin to also inform others. You must be very careful, because this organization is definitely not simple.

Shi Jin responded, and Zhao Hai then withdrew from the communication. Now Zhao Hai has left all the management of those latent disciples to Shi Jin. He doesn't need to care too much, but he still has to deal with the news from those disciples. He would take a look from time to time, because he had to know the current situation of those disciples.