c7850 return

The current location of the Blood Killing Sect is at the Sword of the Abyss. It is almost isolated from the outside world. Even if the people of the Blood Killing Sect want to attack the Wanshan Realm in the future, they must first come from the endless abyss. , although with the help of large magic weapons, people from the Blood Killing Sect can directly enter the Wanshan Realm from the Endless Abyss, but the speed is a bit slower.

And for the people of the Blood Killing Sect, the endless turbulent flow is almost equal to endless energy. If all the energy in the endless turbulent flow can be used, then for the Blood Killing Sect, it will definitely be It's a good thing, so now the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are studying the endless turbulence to see if they can catch any rules.

Regarding the current performance of the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai is still very happy, because their current performance makes Zhao Hai completely relieved. The disciples of the Blood Killing Sect really need a period of time to accumulate. , let them adapt to the new energy. Only in this way can they dominate one side when they enter the Wanshan Realm in the future.

The days passed like this day by day, and twenty-five days passed in the blink of an eye. When Zhao Hai and the others returned to the town from outside the town with the children, they found that there were more people in the town than when they left. It was much more lively at the time. As soon as he saw this situation, Zhao Hai immediately knew that Hu Zhi and the others were back.

Zhao Hai immediately led the children back to the yard of Lanka's house. Sure enough, as soon as they walked into the alley, they saw Hu Zhi and the others standing in the alley, as if waiting for them, Zhao Hai and Xiao Jiu Hu Zhi and others also saw their group, and they also greeted them immediately.

Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai and laughed loudly: "Hahahaha, are you surprised? We can come back so soon?" Hu Zhi was really very happy, because their mission this time was really great. Good luck, this time they got back a lot of good stuff, and their income will be more than last time.

Zhao Hai laughed loudly at Hu Zhi and said: "Brother, I really didn't expect that you guys would come back so soon. Will it go smoothly this time?" Zhao Hai looked at Hu Zhi and knew that the operation went very smoothly this time, so He only asked this question just to make Hu Zhi happier.

Hu Zhi laughed loudly and said: "It went well, it went very well. Come on, let all the children come into the house. We will talk later." Zhao Hai responded and led the children directly to the yard, but when they reached the yard After counting the number of children, Zhao Hai directly gave these children a holiday. Their parents had already returned, and it was time for them to go home to reunite with their families.

Seeing all the children running out cheering, Zhao Hai led Lanka to Hu Zhi's yard. Hu Zhi and the others were also waiting for Zhao Hai's arrival. When they saw Zhao Hai and Lanka coming, Hu Zhi couldn't help laughing, and then he turned his hand and took out something. This thing looked like a kind of beast's tooth. It was not very big. It was white and looked like it was made of jade.

Now there is a rope on the tooth. Hu Zhi hung the tooth on Lanka's neck, smiled at Lanka and said: "Lanka, this is the tooth of the Jade Wolf, but it is a rare and good thing. Listen. It is said that carrying him will bring good luck to others, so just take it with you."

Ranka happily looked at the Jade Wolf's teeth, with a smile on his face. At the same time, he said to Hu Zhi: "Thank you, Uncle Beard." Hu Zhi laughed, touched Ranka's head, and then asked Ranka directly After playing, Lanka turned around and ran away happily. Today is a good day for the children in the town, as lively as a festival.

But Zhao Hai followed Hu Zhi and the others into the room. After sitting down in the room, Hu Zhi smiled at Zhao Hai and said: "This operation went very smoothly. We got a lot of good things. You can do it tomorrow." Take it and deal with it, and then distribute the spirit stones to everyone. By the way, brother, how are you preparing? Your test time is coming soon."

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Brother, don't worry, I've prepared everything, so don't worry." Zhao Hai actually didn't need to make any preparations at all, but he couldn't tell Hu Zhi, so he could only say this, For him, his test this time was too simple.

Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, it's not enough just for you to be ready. There is also Lanka. Is Lanka ready? You have to know that your departure this time will be very exciting for Lanka." Big one, don’t tell him, otherwise, you may be worried that he will hate you.”

Zhao Hai said with a smile: "I have already told Lanka. I said that I will go out in a few days to do some things of my own. It will take as little as a month and more than half a year before I will definitely come back. Lanka has also Agreed, so you don’t have to worry." Of course Zhao Hai thought of this, so he had told Lanka a long time ago.

Lanka has no father or mother, and Hu Zhi and the others disappeared for a while, so Lanka is particularly emotional about parting. If Zhao Hai leaves without telling Lanka, Lanka will be psychologically affected. Yes, Zhao Hai didn't want Lanka to be psychologically affected. Because of this, he had already told Lanka about this matter.

Lanka's reaction was beyond Zhao Hai's expectation. He didn't have much reaction to Zhao Hai going out to do errands. He just told Zhao Hai to come back. Maybe this is the fate of casual cultivators, like Lanka Such older children all know that adults sometimes have to go out to do errands or work, otherwise they will have no food to eat, so Lanka did not object to Zhao Hai leaving.

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, Hu Zhi felt relieved. He said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, remember, no matter whether you can complete the test in the door, you must come back alive. If you can't complete the test in the door, you must come back alive." , as long as you try your best, you can also become a peripheral member of the sect, which is similar to us. The sect will not kill you, but if you are killed by those sect disciples, then you will really die. It's all in vain, do you understand what I mean?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, brother, don't worry, I know what to do, I will come back alive." Zhao Hai was actually very happy about Hu Zhi's reaction, because Hu Zhi's reaction , which means that Hu Zhi indeed regards him as one of his own, so Zhao Hai still respects Hu Zhi very much.

Hu Zhi nodded, and then he said in a deep voice: "Stop taking care of the gang's affairs in the past few days, and stop taking care of Lanka and the others. We are all back, so you can prepare with peace of mind. We will wait." You go and take the test before leaving, and with Xiaojiu taking care of you, you have nothing to worry about."

Zhao Hai also responded, and then Hu Zhi said: "As usual today, we are all back, and we have to have a good meal. Xiaojiu, go and tell them to prepare." Jiu responded, turned and left. He had learned a lot from Zhao Hai now. He also knew that the reason why Hu Zhi arranged for him to do this this time was to see how much he had learned.

Zhao Hai looked at Hu Zhi and knew what he was thinking. He didn't say anything. He just sat there and chatted with Hu Zhi. He also asked Hu Zhi what they had gained this time. When Hu Zhi heard Zhao Hai's question After their harvest, they couldn't help laughing and said: "Brother, you can't think of it. This time we not only collected medicinal materials and hunted some monsters, but we also collected a lot of wild vegetables. After we returned last time, we saw As for the pickles you made, we also brought a lot of pickles this time. The taste of those pickles turned out to be very good. Because of this, when we were picking herbs, we also picked a lot of them. Wild vegetables are specially brought back to be made into pickles, how about that?"

When Zhao Hai heard what Hu Zhi said, he immediately said happily: "Really? That's great. I've been a little worried that the wild vegetables in our town are not enough for us to eat. Now it's better, it seems. We don’t have to worry about this problem anymore, we won’t be short of food in the future.”

Hu Zhi nodded, then he sighed softly and said in a deep voice: "Brother, let me tell you that in the past, when winter came here, there was no food to eat, and in winter, it was difficult to collect medicinal materials. It is very difficult, so every winter is the most difficult time for everyone. In many cases, everyone only eats one meal a day in winter. In this way, people will borrow food from time to time because there is not enough food. Although everyone's usual income seems to be good, and there is some savings every month, but in the winter months, there is no income, and we all rely on resting on our laurels. In this way, after one year, our income is actually not Many people even cannot make ends meet, and everyone’s life is difficult.”

"This year is different. Today everyone's income is much more than every year. Moreover, we have planted our own land and made pickles. You can imagine that our life will be very easy this winter. All of this is Because of you, brother, we are all very grateful to you, brother."

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Brother, you are flattering me. I just came up with some ideas. But brother, I think the woods here are very dense. Is it really that cold in winter?" Zhao Hai saw that here The trees in the woods are still very dense, and looking at the leaves of the trees, it seems that they do not belong to a particularly cold place. Why does Hu Zhi say that the winter here seems to be particularly difficult?

Hu Zhi sighed lightly and said in a deep voice: "Winter here is cold, it's not really the coldest place, but it's definitely not warm either, because we are too close to the endless abyss, the endless abyss There, in winter, it seems to become a wind duct, which will bring countless cold winds to us, so the temperature here is actually very low, and in summer, it will bring all the cold wind to us. Countless amounts of water vapor are sent here, so in the summer here, the water vapor is very abundant. This is why the trees here grow so well. When they come to winter, all the leaves will fall. By that time , then it can really be said to be a desolate place.”