c7861 idea

This is a genius idea, allowing the ghost to possess something, but at the same time, he integrated the ghost's Yin Qi into the space magic circle, allowing the ghost's Yin Qi to be hidden in the space magic circle. , and at the same time, the ghost has an inner space in his body. This inner space may not be very big, and there may be no way to put living things, but this inner space will not be discovered. He can There are a lot of things inside and a lot of things to do. This is the scariest thing about ghosts.

With this inner space, the ghost can really do a lot of things. For example, he can put a communication circle in the space. Although there is no spiritual energy in the inner space, he can put some spiritual stones in it, and then use The spiritual energy of the spirit stone uses this communication array, and this communication array is used in the inner space. People outside will not notice the mental fluctuations of the communication array at all. Naturally, no one will notice it. He can Contacted the outside world.

The people who know that there is a ghost in this broken sword are usually their collaborators. Even if they find a trace of Yin Qi on this broken sword, they will only think that it was left behind when the ghost appeared before, and People who don't know about ghosts, when they pick up this broken sword, will only think that there is Yin attribute material in the broken sword, so there is Yin energy, because the Yin energy has completely fused the sword together. And the number is still very small. No one will know that there is actually a ghost in this sword.

People who don't know don't know at all. People who know think that this broken sword is something like a teleportation array, which seems particularly advanced. People who come into contact with ghosts will feel that these ghosts are unfathomable and powerful. Incomparably, I dare not investigate them easily.

It is precisely because of the above that Zhao Haicai said that the person who came up with this method is definitely a genius. He made ghosts, undead creatures with obvious shortcomings and advantages in the world of cultivation, suddenly have too many Changes, too many abilities, and it is precisely because of this that the ghost will come and go without a trace.

The reason why Zhao Hai was able to discover so many things in such a short period of time was because Zhao Hai was very familiar with ghosts, and they had already tried to let ghosts possess them in the magic circle. Now in the Blood Killing Sect, , and there are puppet disciples. In fact, this kind of broken sword is similar to the puppet disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but the puppet disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are much stronger than the ghost in this short sword.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai can see clearly what this ghost is about at a glance. In fact, these things have been played by the Blood Killing Sect, but Zhao Hai still has to be amazed by this person's creativity. , he is using those ghosts as a monitor, and no one else can notice it. This is really amazing.

Zhao Hai withdrew his mental power, sat in the living room for a while, then left the living room and returned to the secret room at the back. After arriving at the secret room, Zhao Hai looked carefully in the secret room, and then He went to the place where Yuchi Tiedan was sitting before and took a closer look. It was a very ordinary futon, nothing special. If there was anything special, it was that there was a faint aura in the futon. , this is because the material for making the futon is a very special kind of grass. That kind of grass can emit a trace of spiritual energy, and this spiritual energy can play a role in calming the mind and refreshing the mind. It is used by monks to make it. The main material of futon is also a very common material.

Zhao Hai looked at the futon, but his eyes lit up slightly. He suddenly thought of an idea. Then Zhao Hai moved his hand, and something appeared in his hand. It was a piece of grass. This piece of grass It doesn't look like anything special. It's not long either. It's only about three centimeters long and as thin as a needle. Even if a piece of grass like this is thrown to the ground, no one will pick it up. Because of this, this kind of grass is very inconspicuous, and few people usually pay attention to it. However, this kind of grass has a very strange ability, that is, it is very sensitive to spiritual energy.

This kind of grass is called Lingshu grass. It is actually a plant that monks like very much. It does not cause any harm to monks. The reason why monks like this kind of grass is because of one of its components. Characteristic, this kind of grass is very sensitive to spiritual energy. Once a monk is practicing, if there is this kind of grass next to him, this kind of grass will be attracted by the spiritual energy and fly towards the monk automatically. , touches the monk's body, and then turns into a trace of spiritual energy and enters the monk's body. After this spiritual energy enters the monk's body, it will be combined with the monk's spiritual energy. The most important thing is that he can actually increase the monk's spiritual energy. vitality, so the monk actually likes this kind of grass very much. Even if the grass dies, his ability still exists.

Zhao Hai took out a piece of Lingshu grass and put it into the futon. Then he put his hand on the futon, and then moved his spiritual energy slightly. Soon he felt that the Lingshu grass, It flew out of the futon and landed on his hand. Then it turned into a trace of spiritual energy and entered his body. Naturally, there was an extra trace of spiritual energy in his body. Although it was very small, it was But it really exists.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but nodded with great satisfaction. Then he moved his hand, and a few more bottles appeared in his hand. Then he took out a piece of Lingshu grass at once, and then poured the liquid in the three bottles. Pour them all out, mix them together, put the lingshu grass into the liquid, and slowly soak it.

The green-looking Lingshao grass first slowly turned black, then slowly turned white, and finally slowly returned to emerald green. Zhao Hai glanced at the one in his hand. This spirit beard then placed him in the futon, and then put his hand on the futon, and used his spiritual energy. With the use of his spiritual energy, the spirit beard emerged from the futon. , turned into a spiritual energy and entered his body. Then Zhao Hai felt that his spiritual platform seemed to become very clear all of a sudden, and his spiritual energy moved more clearly, but this feeling soon disappeared. After it disappeared, Zhao Hai's spiritual energy returned to normal.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. He knew that his plan was successful. The feeling of clarity in the spiritual platform just now was real, but it was also illusory, because the liquids in the three bottles that Zhao Hai poured out before were respectively Pure heart flower juice, magic grass juice and lock core fruit juice.

These three things are actually very common in the world of cultivation. Among them, Qingxinhua is a very common medicinal material. It is used by all major sects. The juice of this Qingxinhua can refresh your mind. The function of the brain makes it easier for monks to concentrate their mental power and make it less likely to produce illusions. It is a very common medicinal material that can calm the mind and calm the mind.

Magic grass is also a very common medicinal material, but ordinary sects dare not use this medicinal material because this medicinal material can cause strong hallucinations in people. The most important thing is that this kind of hallucination is actually related to you. It is related to the environment. For example, if you are practicing, if you take this magic grass, you will feel that your practice is extremely smooth, and the spiritual energy is running better than you imagined, so you will unconsciously Speed ​​up your practice, but in fact, at this time, you have no way to control the spiritual energy in your body, and the spiritual energy in your body is actually chaotic. By the time you find out, if you can't handle it well, you will have already I have gone crazy, so although this kind of magic grass is very common, ordinary alchemists really don't dare to use this plant.

But this plant is not useless at all. It still has a lot of uses. The biggest use is that it has a very good analgesic effect. However, when using it, it must be paired with other Some herbs are used to remove their own toxicity so that they can be used as medicine. If used directly, it would be very dangerous for monks.

As for the last kind of locking fruit, it is even more amazing. This kind of locking fruit is not uncommon, but it is a highly poisonous herb, and its biggest feature is that it will block your heart. Pulse, that is to say, if you take the Heart-locking Fruit by mistake, your heart veins will be blocked by the Heart-locking Fruit. The heart veins are the most sealed, which means that the blood in your body cannot flow. Then You will naturally die, so this is a very overbearing poison. If the person who is poisoned really dies, the poison will disappear and others will not find out that you were poisoned. , so this kind of poison is very overbearing.

But although this kind of poison is overbearing, it is not without antidote methods. If the monk really takes the lock nut by mistake, he can detoxify the poison by taking some detoxification pills, and there will be no problem, because this Planting poisons is so common. Various sects have long figured out the antidote. Now some casual cultivators have even come up with a very weird way to play it, which is to take an antidote pill first and then eat the lock nut. In this way, you can avoid being poisoned, and you can eat locknuts until you are full. And the taste of locknuts is said to be very good...

This kind of lock fruit is not only used as a poison. It actually has a strong hemostatic effect. Of course, it must be refined with other medicinal materials to have such an effect. Therefore, many sects Medicinal powders used to stop bleeding all contain the ingredient of Semen nut, but the toxicity of Semen nut has been eliminated by other medicinal materials, leaving only the ability to stop bleeding.

These three medicinal materials, together with Lingshu grass, are very common things. People usually don’t pay attention to these things. Even the purchase price is very cheap. If many casual cultivators don’t really have much income, You don't know how to pick these things. Think about it, you spent a lot of effort and got dozens of kilograms of these medicinal materials, but in the end you only got a piece of spiritual stone. Who would do such a thing? At that time, It is better to find other medicinal materials, that way the income will be higher.

But no one knows that combining these three medicinal materials can turn into the most deadly poison that can kill people invisible. If Lingshu grass is added, it will be even more incredible, which is equivalent to It is a timed killing weapon that can be placed in advance so that the person being killed can activate the deadly poison on his own.