c7865 return

With a flash of white light, Zhao Hai appeared behind the Kelai Xuan Hotel in Linyuan Town. Zhao Hai saw the shopkeeper. The shopkeeper clasped his fists at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "I've seen Master Gui Cha. ." He did not expect that Zhao Hai would complete the test task so quickly and return to Linyuan Town, and his status would be even higher than him.

Zhao Hai nodded, smiled at him and said: "You don't have to be so polite. Although I have entered the door now, I don't have a formal job yet. I am resting now, so you don't have to worry." Zhao Hai did That's what he thinks. He has just joined the job and hasn't started working yet, and his status is not high. There is really no need to put on any airs. If he really does that, it will only arouse disgust. That’s all.

The shopkeeper cupped his fist at Zhao Hai and said: "Sir, you are now a ghost soldier, and your status is higher than that of ordinary ghost soldiers. And we people are just peripheral members of Hell Gate. Compared with you, Come, but it’s still far away, so it’s time to call you sir.”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he could only sigh impatiently. He knew that what the other party said was right. In the Hell Gate, the personnel were also divided into levels. The peripheral disciples were divided into three levels, namely Yinhun. , little ghost, fierce ghost, these are the levels of peripheral disciples, and Hu Zhi is actually the most ordinary ghost level now, not even a little ghost, but the shopkeeper of Ke Laixuan is already a fierce ghost, and it is precisely because of this , that’s why he knows so many things, and that’s why he knows some things in the Gate of Hell.

The formal disciples of the Hell Gate are also divided into several levels. The lowest level is the ghost pawns, which are the imps that Zhao Hai saw in the cave of the Hell Gate before. They are actually called ghost pawns, and the ones above are the ghost pawns. A ghost like Zhao Hai has a certain amount of power to command those ghost soldiers. The higher up is the soul seducer. People at this level are generally divided into two types, one is a person wearing a bull-headed horse mask, and the other is a person wearing a bull-headed horse mask. One type is people who wear black and white impermanence masks. They can all be called soul-enchanters, but the things they are responsible for are different. The people who wear black and white impermanence masks are specifically responsible for intelligence work, while those who wear bull-headed and horse-faced masks A person who is specifically responsible for fighting.

The top of the seducer is the Yin Director. This Yin Director is usually responsible for the management of some hell gates. They rarely participate in battles. The things that the Yin Director is in charge of are actually quite special. What they are in charge of, They are peripheral members like Hu Zhi and others.

If the Yin Division Officers are higher up, then they are the judges. These judges are responsible for handling some simple matters. They can also direct small-scale investigation battles, but they are a bit more civilian. As for the judge at the top, they are the ghost generals. These people are just for fighting. They usually lead the ghost soldiers and ghost soldiers to fight. The ghost generals are at the top, that is, the ghosts. They will be responsible for handling some ordinary things. They are also in charge of civil servants such as judges.

The ghost phase is upward, that is the Tenth Palace of Yama. The Tenth Palace of Yama is the most powerful existence in the entire Hell Gate. They are also the rulers of the entire Hell Gate. That’s right, the Hell Gate does not have only one ruler. He is composed of the Tenth Palace of Hell. The Yama of the Tenth Hall is here to rule, so the Yama of the Tenth Hall is the highest-level existence in the gate of hell.

Zhao Hai only knew this after he became a ghost of the Hell Sect. Zhao Hai was really curious about the Hell Sect. He also wanted to know how strong the Ten Halls of Hell were and why they To create the Hell Gate, these made him very curious.

After saying a few words to the shopkeeper, Zhao Hai left Ke Laixuan. The shopkeeper was not under his control. Although his status was higher than that of the shopkeeper, in fact, the shopkeeper was not under his control. What he manages, the shopkeeper belongs to the peripheral disciples, and the peripheral disciples have a special management system in Hell Gate.

In fact, the entire Hell Sect is divided into two factions: the civil and military factions. The literary faction is the peripheral disciples. Black and white impermanence in the Soul Educator, as well as the judge and ghost phase, they belong to the literary faction because they are generally responsible for business operations and inquiring about information. , such work as collecting intelligence does not involve directly participating in battles, so they belong to the literary school.

The martial arts sect is the ghost soldiers, ghost messengers, the bull-headed horse-faced ones in the seducer, the ghost generals, and the ten-dian Yama. They all belong to the martial arts sect. Of course, the ten-dian Yama actually belongs to the literary sect, because they also need the affairs of the literary sect. Guan, so in the martial arts sect, ghost generals have always been the main ones. In ordinary matters, the Ten Palaces of Yama will not be involved.

After Zhao Hai learned about the structure of Hell Gate, he was actually very surprised. He really didn't expect that Hell Gate has now implemented the separation of civil and military affairs. This kind of management method is actually very advanced. However, he didn't say much. The management method of Hell Gate seemed to be very advanced, but in fact it also had certain drawbacks and might not be suitable for others.

When Zhao Hai came out of Ke Lai Xuan, he saw that it was very lively outside, and there were many people on the street. This surprised Zhao Hai, but he immediately knew that the Ancient Sword Sect must have returned from collecting medicine. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be so many people on the street now.

Zhao Hai didn't pay attention. Many people from the Ancient Sword Sect knew Zhao Hai. When they saw Zhao Hai, they all said hello to Zhao Hai. They all thought that Zhao Hai was in retreat, so when they saw Zhao Hai, they all Asked Zhao Hai if he had just come out of seclusion, Zhao Hai already understood what they meant as soon as he heard what they asked. He knew that he could not say anything else now, so he could only smile and nodded, and chatted with everyone for a while. time, and then returned to Lanka’s courtyard.

Zhao Hai did not go to Hu Zhi and the others first, but went to see Lanka first. Lanka was practicing in the yard. When he saw Zhao Hai coming back, he immediately cheered and ran towards Zhao Hai. , all the other children stopped and gathered around Zhao Hai. They all missed Zhao Hai, especially Lanka.

Zhao Hai touched this and patted that, with a smile on his face all the time. After a while, Zhao Hai let them go back to rest. Although Lanka and the others were a little reluctant to leave, they didn't say anything and all ran away. Go practice.

At this time, Hu Zhi and the others also came to the yard of Lanka's house. When they saw Zhao Hai coming back, Hu Zhi and the others all had smiles on their faces. Zhao Hai also had a smile on his face when he looked at them. , then nodded to them, and then pointed to the room. Hu Zhi and the others understood what Zhao Hai meant, and immediately followed Zhao Hai into the room.

After sitting down in the room, Hu Zhi immediately said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, how are you?" Hu Zhi was still very concerned about this matter, because Zhao Hai was recommended by him. If Zhao Hai failed the test, Then he will be very disappointed, and he has harmed Zhao Hai. If Zhao Hai fails the test, he will be transferred to another place and become a dead soldier. That is not what he wants to see. .

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "It's okay. I have passed the test, so you don't have to worry. I am now a formal member, but I only have one month. After one month, I will accept the long-term membership of the sect." The mission is over, and we will leave when the time comes, and I’m afraid we brothers won’t be able to get together anymore.”

As soon as they heard what Zhao Hai said, Hu Zhi and the others were happy at first, and then sighed again. They also knew that what Zhao Hai said was right. If Zhao Hai joins the Hell Gate, then he must listen to what is said in the gate. If he dares not to listen to the order, the sect will punish him, but they really don't want to be separated from Zhao Hai, but now it seems that it is impossible not to separate.

Zhao Hai looked at Hu Zhi and the others and couldn't help but smile slightly: "Brother, you don't have to think so much. Although we can't be together now, in the future, when there is a chance, I will definitely gather all of you, eldest brother." I'll go there, and when the time comes, we brothers will join forces and create a new world."

Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai and couldn't help but smile. Then he nodded and said in a deep voice: "Yes, you are right. Although we are separated now, we will definitely be able to create a world together in the future. Yes, brother, you are now an official member of the sect, which is a good thing for you, you must continue to work hard in the future."

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Of course, I will definitely work hard. Don't worry, brother. This time I come back, I actually have something to discuss with you. What I want to do this time may be long-term." I want to take Lanka with me on my mission, do you think that’s okay?”

When Hu Zhi heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned at first, and then his face changed slightly. Then he thought about it and said in a deep voice: "Brother, I know you are reluctant to let go of Xiao Lanka, but you also need to know that you are going The tasks you are doing may be very dangerous tasks. You can leave by yourself when the time comes, but taking Little Lanka with you may not necessarily be a good thing for you, and it may not be a good thing for Little Lanka. Good thing, do you really want to do this?”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he thought about it and felt that he had really been a little careless before. He had just joined Hell Gate now, and the task Hell Gate gave him must not be anything special. A good mission may be very dangerous. If that is really the case, then he may really be in danger with Lanka.

Although he is confident that with his own abilities, he can definitely protect Lanka's safety, but if he really encounters a situation, he will have to expose his strength, which will not do him any good, I'm afraid. People in Hell Gate will doubt his origin, which will be very detrimental to his plan.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but sigh, and then said to Hu Zhi: "Brother, you are right, I am indeed not suitable to take care of Lanka, but I really don't want to be separated from this child, I am impatient. , Big brother, I will make all the things that this child should practice in the future into jade slips, and then leave them to him. I will come back to see him as long as I have time, and I will not take him away. He is still young now. Not suitable to be with me."

Hu Zhi nodded and said solemnly: "This is the best. We also hope that you can come back often. After all, you are our brother and this is your home."