c7867 endless hell

In the next period of time, Zhao Hai has been preparing the development plan of the Ancient Sword Sect. At the same time, he is still preparing tailor-made training plans for each child. He is still very busy, precisely because he will He was about to leave, so he did not take over the education of these children, but let Xiaojiu take charge. After all, he only had one month.

One month is really not a long time for a monk, and it passed quickly. Zhao Hai is now with Lanka every day, and Lanka is also particularly obsessed with him, because Lanka knows that Zhao Hai I don’t know when I left, so I became closer to Zhao Hai.

On this day, Zhao Hai was practicing with Lanka in the yard when he suddenly heard a knock on the door. Zhao Hai was startled and quickly went over to open the door. Hu Zhi and the others had gone to collect medicine and had not come back yet. At this time But someone knocked on the door again, which made Zhao Hai feel a premonition.

Sure enough, after he opened the door, he found a person standing outside the door. As soon as this person saw Zhao Hai, he immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said: "I have met you, sir. How are you? Our shopkeeper wants to invite you." Let’s have a couple of drinks in the shop, sir, do you have time?”

The man who spoke was known to Zhao Hai. He was Xiao Shuan'er, the clerk from Ke Laixuan shop. Zhao Hai immediately understood what the shopkeeper meant. His expression changed slightly, but he soon returned to normal. He shouted at Xiao Shuanzi said: "Okay, no problem, I'll go right away." Xiao Shuanzi responded, then turned and left.

Zhao Hai closed the door, then turned his head and glanced at Lanka who was practicing in the yard. Lanka also heard the conversation between the two, but the movement of his hands did not stop. He just glanced at Zhao Hai, and then Then he started to move his hands. Zhao Hai looked at him and didn't say anything. He just said to Lanka: "Lanka, I'm going out and I'll be back soon."

Lanka responded, and Zhao Hai left the yard, quickly came to the back door of Kelai Xuan Hotel, and entered the yard from the back door. The shopkeeper was waiting for Zhao Hai in the yard, and when he saw Zhao Hai come in , he immediately saluted to Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai also saluted to him, and then the two of them entered the room without saying anything.

After the two of them arrived in the room, the shopkeeper immediately took out a jade slip and handed it to Zhao Hai and said: "Sir, this is for you." He didn't say much, after all, Zhao Hai was not his. For sects directly subordinate to Shangguan, and for sects like Hell Sect, each other’s identities may be a secret, so it’s best not to say too many words casually.

Zhao Hai was not polite and reached out to take the jade slip. He mentally looked into the jade slip and quickly saw the contents of the jade slip. After he saw the contents of the jade slip clearly, the jade slip was destroyed. He dropped it, and Zhao Hai didn't care. He turned to the shopkeeper and said, "Get ready, I'm leaving tonight."

The shopkeeper responded, and Zhao Hai walked out of the room and quickly returned to Lanka's courtyard. After he entered the courtyard, he immediately called Xiao Jiu into the room. Xiao Jiu also knew Zhao Hai went out before, and he also knew that Zhao Hai might be leaving, so he followed Zhao Hai directly into the room without saying anything.

After arriving in the room, Zhao Hai said to Xiao Jiu: "Xiao Jiu, I'm leaving, and I'm leaving tonight. After the elder brother and the others come back, you tell the elder brother and the others that I'm afraid I won't be able to say goodbye to them. Those children I leave it to you, remember, they are the roots of our Ancient Sword Sect, we must take good care of them."

Xiaojiu responded, then looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Brother Ying, when will you come back?" He didn't say anything like, "Can you please not leave?" because he knew very well that those words were useless. The nonsense he said was all in vain, so he didn't say those words at all.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "I don't know about this. I still don't know what mission I am doing this time, but don't worry, I have regarded this place as my home. As long as I have time, I will definitely come back. ." What Zhao Hai said is true, he will definitely come back when he has time in the future.

What, Zhao Hai explained a few more words to him, and it was time for lunch. After they had lunch, Zhao Hai called Lanka into the room. When Lanka arrived in the room, Zhao Hai said to Lanka : "Lanka, Master is leaving. I don't know when he will come back. Remember what Master has told you. You must practice well and take good care of yourself. Do you hear me?"

Lanka responded, looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Master, don't worry, I will definitely practice hard. When one day, I become stronger, I will be able to help you, Master. Then I will Always stay with Master." In Xiao Lanka's simple mind, Zhao Hai is the person he is closest to, and he never wants to be separated from Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka and said with a smile: "Okay, master is waiting for you. Master will leave at night. Master doesn't want to alarm others, so you don't want to tell anyone. If someone asks you, just say that master is out to do something." I've gone on a mission, and I don't know when I'll be back. Do you understand?" Ranka nodded vigorously.

Zhao Hai stayed with Lanka this afternoon, and Ranka followed Zhao Hai closely until dinner was over and it was time to rest. Zhao Hai watched Ranka go to bed. Then he quietly left the room. He knew that Lanka was not asleep yet, but he had to leave.

When Zhao Hai arrived at the backyard of Ke Laixuan, the shopkeeper immediately led Zhao Hai into the room, and then used the portable teleportation array to send Zhao Hai away. The next moment, Zhao Hai had already appeared at the Hell Gate. In the cave, there is a man waiting for Zhao Hai. The man is still dressed as a kid, but Zhao Hai already knows that his identity is not a kid, but a ghost soldier, only one level higher than him. Maybe I will be commanded by him again in the future. As soon as the ghost soldier saw Zhao Hai, he immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Sir, please follow me."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then followed the ghost soldier forward. The ghost soldier led Zhao Hai around the cave, and soon came to a large hall, but this hall was not in front of Zhao Hai. Instead of going to the Ghost Punishment Hall, he came to the door of a hall called the Infinite Hell.

The ghost soldier shouted loudly into the main hall: "Report, Your Highness King Ping Ping, Gui Cha Ying has been brought, please show me!" Zhao Hai's position in Hell Gate is Gui Cha, and his code name is Ying, so that The ghost soldier also reported this name, but Zhao Hai was a little strange. He really didn't expect that he was no longer under the control of King Qin Guang.

I heard a hoarse voice coming from the room: "Let him come in." Then there was no sound, but this voice left a very deep impression on Zhao Hai, because the voice was very hoarse. , but he was not born hoarse, as if his throat had been injured to react like this.

The ghost soldier turned around and saluted Zhao Hai, and then stepped aside. However, Zhao Hai walked directly to the main hall, walked to the middle of the main hall, then saluted into the main hall and said: "Shadow, see you." Pass His Highness Prince Pingping!" He didn't look around, he just stood there with a bow.

Then he heard the hoarse voice continue: "Okay, get back on your feet." Zhao Hai responded and then stood up straight. At the same time, he also raised his head. The situation in this hall is different from that of King Qin Guang. It's almost the same, but without the big mirror, the surrounding walls are all filled with patterns of various ghosts and demons breaking demons. Some are pulling out bones and burning the body with fire, some are peeling off skin with cramps, and some are pouring hot oil on the body. There are all kinds of scary patterns.

However, Zhao Hai's expression remained unchanged and he stood there with a calm expression. Not far in front of him was a high platform, about two meters away. On the high platform, there was a case and a chair. There is a person sitting on it. This person is wearing a black robe and a mask on his head. This mask is also a human face, with the entire face covered in black. He has a thick beard and his eyes are blood red. At first glance, it seems to be the same as the mask of King Qin Guang, but in fact it is very different.

The man sitting there seemed to be very thin, and the black robe on him looked a little empty, but Zhao Hai absolutely did not dare to underestimate him, because he could feel that some people The aura on his body was actually stronger than that of King Qin Guang. If this man faced off against King Qin Guang, he might be defeated in the end.

King Pingping seemed to be looking at Zhao Hai. When he saw Zhao Hai standing there with a calm expression, he nodded secretly, and then he said: "Ying, from today on, you will belong to my Infernal Hell." Well, my Infernal Hell Department is responsible for assassinating some threatening sect disciples, or completing some tasks that others cannot complete. All actions are carried out in secret, do you understand?"

Zhao Hai understood that this Department of Infernal Affairs should be the Assassination Department. He naturally understood what it meant, so he responded: "Yes, Your Highness, I understand." He knew that this must be the last time he dealt with Yuchi. When Tiedan was there, he did an outstanding job. Not only did he kill Yuchi Tiedan, he even made the people of Xuanjia Sect not know how he killed the people, so Hell Gate transferred him to the Infernal Hell Department. Come here.

When King Pingping heard what Zhao Hai said, he also nodded and said: "These are some structures and contact information of the sect. Take a closer look. This is your mission. You can rest here for three days before setting off. , go down." After saying that, King Pingping waved his hand, Zhao Hai responded, saluted to King Pingping, then turned and left.

When Zhao Hai arrived outside, a ghost soldier came over immediately, saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Sir, please follow me." Zhao Hai nodded, followed the ghost soldier and walked forward, and after a while he We arrived at a cave. The cave was not very big, but the interior was very well decorated. The outer room was a living room, and the inner room was a bedroom, which was a place for people to rest. The cave actually had a door. As long as the door was closed, there would be nothing. People can come and disturb.

After the ghost soldier sent Zhao Hai to the cave, he clasped his fist at Zhao Hai and said: "Sir, this cave will be your room from now on. You can arrange the restrictions in front of the cave door by yourself, and then exit the room directly. It disappeared in the blink of an eye. u