c7866 retreat

Zhao Hai didn't talk too much to Hu Zhi and the others. After talking to Hu Zhi and the others for a while, he went to find Lanka. Lanka was still very obsessed with Zhao Hai. He was a child, and he was the loneliest in his life. At that time, Zhao Hai appeared, gave him delicious food, gave him a sense of security, and taught him skills. He and Zhao Hai had the same relationship as both a teacher and a father. He really regarded Zhao Hai as his father, so He is particularly close to Zhao Hai. .

Zhao Hai also liked Ranka very much. He asked Ranka about his training these days, and even played with Ranka for a while. It wasn't until the sky got dark and the other children went to bed that Zhao Hai led Lanka back to the room. When they got to the room, after the two sat down, Zhao Hai looked at Lanka and said in a deep voice: " Lanka, Master can’t always stay with you in the future. Master has his own things to do, but don’t worry, as long as Master has time, he will definitely come back to see you, okay?”

When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned at first, and then his face darkened slightly, but he did not cry, but said to Zhao Hai: "Yes, Master, I know that you have your own things to do, I still I can’t help you, but don’t worry, Master, I will definitely help you when I’m strong enough in the future, and then we won’t be apart, okay?”

Zhao Hai really didn't expect that Lanka would be so sensible. Being so sensible makes people feel distressed. He knew that Lanka was worse than ordinary children because of his father's affairs and the fact that he had lived alone for such a long time. He is much more mature, but it is precisely because of this maturity that makes him feel more heartache.

Zhao Hai hugged Lanka with force and said in a deep voice: "Okay, when Xiaoka grows up and becomes sensible, I will definitely let Xiaolan stay with me, and I will never let Xiaolan leave. ." Zhao Hai believes that Lanka's strength will not be weak in the future, and Lanka is now considered a member of the Blood Killing Sect. Just kidding, if Zhao Hai's disciples are not considered members of the Blood Killing Sect, then what else? People can be regarded as members of the Blood Killing Sect, so at this moment, Zhao Hai made a decision.

Lanka suddenly burst into tears in Zhao Hai's arms. He was a child after all. He could remain strong before, but the moment Zhao Hai held him in his arms, he couldn't bear it anymore. He stopped and started crying, which made Zhao Hai feel very uncomfortable.

After a long time, Lanka's mood calmed down, Zhao Hai let Lanka go to sleep, but Zhao Hai sat in the room, unable to fall asleep for a long time, and then he directly contacted Wanshanjie All the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect here told them everything about Lanka, and gave them an order. If someone comes to them with his life card in the future, they must do their best to help him. Token people.

Shi Jin and the others naturally did not dare to neglect, and immediately responded. They already knew that Lanka was Zhao Hai's disciple, and looking at Zhao Hai's current appearance, Zhao Hai had real feelings for Lanka this time. They also What can be said, of course, full support was given, and Zhao Hai ended the conversation with them.

The next day, Zhao Hai got up in the morning, practiced contortion with Lanka, and then had a meal. After dinner, Lanka went to practice, but Zhao Hai called Hu Zhi to his room and waited until Hu Zhi After arriving in the room, Zhao Hai took out a jade tablet from his arms. This jade tablet was very simple. On the front was the character Zhao, but on the back was a blood knife. This blood knife was really blood red. It was still bleeding and looked murderous.

Zhao Hai handed the jade token to Hu Zhi. Hu Zhi looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion. Zhao Hai looked at Hu Zhi and then said: "Brother, keep this token, I won't Knowing what my next mission will be, and not knowing how long it will take for me to come back, I really feel a little uneasy about you. I will leave this token to you. If anything happens, you can Hold this token and go to any small town along the coast of the Endless Abyss, and someone will naturally come to you. If you need anything, you can tell them and they will do their best to help you."

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Hu Zhi couldn't help but be stunned. He took the token blankly, then looked at Zhao Hai and said blankly: "Brother, who are you? Are you on the shores of the endless abyss?" , are they all powerful?" He was really surprised, because the words Zhao Hai said contained a lot of information.

Zhao Hai looked at Hu Zhi, smiled slightly and said: "Brother, don't think too much, I have so much power, I just had some friends when I was wandering outside, but then I offended people , had to come to Linyuan Town, but my friends are still outside. This token is a secret code I agreed with them. As long as the person holding this token is mine, Friends, when they see it, they will definitely help you with all their strength. Some of them may have a high status and are the leaders of some small gangs. Some of them are just ordinary casual cultivators. But one more person means more. Power isn’t it?”

After hearing what Zhao Hai said, Hu Zhi breathed a sigh of relief. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Okay, brother, if you say that, then I won't say anything else. I know this is what you can do to Xiao Lanka." Don't worry, I won't take it out and use it easily." Hu Zhi now also understood what Zhao Hai meant. The thing Zhao Hai took out this time was actually to keep it for Xiao Lanka. Who doesn't have a few friends? If they didn't have friends, they would have died when Qiu Wanqian attacked them last time and were kicked out of the town, and they would have no chance to join the Hell Gate. Therefore, he had no doubts about Zhao Hai's statement.

Zhao Hai nodded, then he nodded towards Hu Zhi and said: "Okay, brother, as long as you understand, I won't say anything more. I still have about a month at most. During this period, I will I will write down the future development direction and achievements of our Ancient Sword Gang for you. I will also write down all the things that the children will learn in the future. I hope it can be helpful to you. By the way, brother, you have already joined. Hell Gate, then when you return to Linyuan Town, do you have any missions?"

Hu Zhi said in a deep voice: "We have a mission. Our mission is actually to firmly control Linyuan Town. I feel that a big chess game is being played in the door. We are just one of the chess pieces. Your status is He is higher than us now, so I can tell you these things, but he shouldn’t say these things out loud.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Don't worry, I won't tell anyone. You can rest assured about this. Okay, brother, I rarely have time like this recently. I will spend more time with Xiaolanka in the remaining time." , By the way, let me give you these things, some of the things I got when I did the task this time." Zhao Hai said as he took out a space bag containing spiritual stones. The spiritual stones on his body are now But there are hundreds of them. It would be more profitable to do tasks with Xuanjia Sect than to collect herbs here in Linyuan Town.

Hu Zhi took the space bag that Zhao Hai gave him, opened it, and found that it was full of spirit stones. He couldn't help but be a little surprised, and then he turned to look at Zhao Hai with some confusion and said: "Brother, how can you be like this?" Too many spirit stones?" He was really surprised and didn't know why Zhao Hai had so many spirit stones in his hand.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "These spirit stones are all obtained from this mission. Don't ask what the mission is. It's best not to know. Okay, I won't say more. Brother, you should take more care in the future. , we will definitely be reunited one day." Zhao Hai is really optimistic about Hu Zhi and the others, and he is already preparing to absorb Hu Zhi and the others into his blood to kill the clan.

Hu Zhi didn't say anything more. He cupped his fists at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Okay, brother, I won't say anything more. You also need to take care of yourself. Okay, you're not leaving today. Don't talk about this." Alright, I'm leaving." After saying that, he stood up and left the room. Zhao Hai looked at his back with a smile on his face. In fact, he liked Hu Zhi's character very much. Everything is very enjoyable.

The day passed like this, and Zhao Hai lived the same life as before. There was nothing special. At night, he called Lanka to him and took out another jade plaque. This jade plaque looked similar to Hu's. The jade token in Zhi's hand was about the same. Zhao Hai handed the jade token to Lanka and said in a deep voice: "Lanka, you hold this jade token. If you really encounter any danger in the future, I won't be by your side. And if Brother Beard and the others can't protect you, you should leave the town immediately, run outside the town, and go directly into the woods. After arriving in the woods of the town, you can find a place to hide, and then input spiritual energy into the jade tablet. , someone will come to pick you up when the time comes, and when they pick you up, they will only tell you that your master sent them, and you can just go with them, do you understand?"

Lanka nodded and took the jade token. He didn't ask any more questions, because he knew very well that Zhao Hai might not tell them if he asked, so he didn't ask, but carefully handed the jade token to them. He put it away because he knew very well that this jade tablet might be something that could save his life.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka's look, then smiled slightly and said: "Don't worry, little Lanka, with Master here, no one will hurt you in the future. One day, Master will let the entire Wanshan Realm, I all envy you." Although Lanka didn't quite understand what Zhao Hai meant, he still nodded vigorously, believing what Zhao Hai said.

Looking at Lanka's appearance, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile. This time on his trip to Wanshan Realm, he felt that his biggest gain may be that he accepted a good disciple. This is what makes him happiest. Other things, he He doesn't take it to heart. He just doesn't know much about Wanshan Realm yet. When he understands Wanshan Realm, he can use troops against Wanshan Realm. By then, whether it is the various sects in Wanshan Realm or Shadow Clan, he will let them know how powerful the Blood Killing Clan is.

As for Lanka, when the time comes, he will appear as his disciple. Of course, his disciple of Zhao Hai will be envied by everyone, because everyone will know that his disciple of Zhao Hai can stand side by side in Wanshan Realm. Those who left were the ones no one dared to provoke.