c7869 Chu Yang

As soon as the white light flashed, Zhao Hai found that he had appeared in a room. This room was not very big. There was a bed in it. An old man was standing beside the bed. As soon as he saw Zhao Hai appearing, he immediately He bowed to Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "I've seen Master Gui Cha."

Zhao Hai nodded. He was now wearing the black robe worn by Hell Sect disciples, with a mask on his face. His mask was different from the masks of those ghost soldiers. His mask looked even more ferocious. You can tell by looking at him that he is not an ordinary little ghost. The most important thing is that there is a word "cha" on his clothes, which is the identity of ghost chap.

The old man standing next to him is obviously a peripheral member of Hell Gate here, specially here to meet him, and this old man will also give him all the information in the city so that he can complete the mission. Of course, they will not participate in the operation, and Zhao Hai has no power to order them.

Zhao Hai glanced at the old man, and then asked in a deep voice: "Are everything ready?" What he said was of course some information about this city and the target person, and he believed that the old man would also know it. What was he talking about, so he asked directly.

The old man immediately said: "Yes, sir, it's ready. Please take a look." After saying that, he took out a jade slip and handed it to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai took the jade slip and moved it with his mental strength. I took a look inside and took a look at the contents of the jade slip. The information in the jade slip was still very detailed, especially for the target person.

The location where Zhao Hai is now is called Dingfeng City. The reason why it is called this is because there is a tree called Dingfeng growing near this city. This kind of tree has a certain ability to protect against wind. The magic resistance is still good, so this place is simply called Dingfeng City.

It is precisely because of the Wind-Fixing Tree that the Wind-Fixing City is much larger than other small towns on the edge of the endless abyss, because people from various sects need some Wind-Fixing Trees to make magical implements. It is precisely because of this industry that Dingfeng City has slowly developed, and it is much more prosperous than other small towns.

Because Dingfeng City is very large, there are more gangs here. The largest gang in Dingfeng City is called the Iron Arm Gang. Their gang leader is nicknamed Iron Arm Divine Fist Gongsun Jing. He is a casual cultivator. Born, but I don’t know what kind of inheritance he got. He has a lot of physical training skills and is very powerful, especially one or two arms. He has a strong sword, strong iron, and can be soft and boneless, and his power is huge.

This person has been entrenched in Dingfeng City for nearly twenty years. After thousands of battles, he has never been defeated. He acts domineeringly and has more than 3,000 followers. This is among the casual cultivators. Among the gangs, it is very rare. If his strength were not a bit weak, he could almost start his own sect now. In fact, although his current strength has not reached the point of starting a sect, but he The Iron Arm Gang is managed according to the sect's management method.

And Zhao Hai's goal this time is Gongsun Jing. The one he wanted to kill was Gongsun Jing. Zhao Hai looked at the jade slips, then turned to look at the sky outside. It was already very late outside, it must have been the middle of the night. Zhao Hai turned to the old man and said, "Okay, you did it." Very good, when I go back, I will report my merits to you above. Remember, you have never seen me before." After saying that, he moved and disappeared directly into the room.

The old man thought that Zhao Hai would ask him more questions, but he didn't expect that Zhao Hai didn't say a few words to him at all, and then left directly. Although the old man was a little puzzled, he didn't say anything. Anyway, he The task was completed very well. He directly took out the communication array and reported Zhao Hai's situation to the above. Then he put away the array and lay down to rest. To be honest, he didn't care about Zhao Hai. Whether Zhao Hai can complete this mission actually doesn't matter at all. In his opinion, whether Zhao Hai can complete this mission has nothing to do with him.

But in fact, he was not very optimistic about Zhao Hai. In his opinion, Zhao Hai just arrived at Dingfeng City and only glanced at the information he gave him, and then left, and it seemed that he didn't I'm going to contact him now. How can such a person complete the task? But now he doesn't care about that. Even if Zhao Hai fails to complete the task, it has nothing to do with him. Anyway, he has done everything he should do.

Zhao Hai left the old man's room and flew directly into the air. Then he took a look at the city. The city had a large population. It seemed that there were at least tens of thousands of people. However, this also made Zhao Hai even more worried. Surprisingly, in a city with tens of thousands of people, the number of people in one gang is as low as 3,000. And this is not the only gang. This shows how chaotic this city is.

It is now past midnight. In other small towns, the whole town would have been plunged into darkness at this time, but this is not the case here. Here in Dingfeng City, there are actually Many shops are open, and those shops are full of people and lively.

Zhao Hai did not go to those shops. Instead, he left Dingfeng City and went to a forest outside the city. Then he directly wrote a letter to the Blood Slaughter Sect disciples in the city. The disciple of the Blood Killing Sect came to see him. Zhao Hai knew that the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect had already rested, but there was nothing else around him, so he would not be discovered if he came out secretly.

Sure enough, as soon as Zhao Hai's letter was sent out, a figure flashed and a man appeared in the woods where Zhao Hai was. At this time, Zhao Hai also took off the clothes of Hell Gate. When the man saw When he arrived at Zhao Hai, he immediately saluted Zhao Hai with a fond look on his face and said, "Disciple Chu Yang has met the sect master."

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "Okay, don't be so polite outside. Chu Yang, how have you been lately? Are you still in the Iron Arm Gang?" Chu Yang is a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect, and he is also here. He was inquiring about the news, and his destination was Dingfeng City. During this period of time in Dingfeng City, he also joined the Iron Arm Gang, but he is still just an ordinary gang member.

Chu Yang immediately said: "The disciple is still in the Iron Arm Gang, so there is nothing wrong with him. However, it is not easy for the Iron Arm Gang to get promoted. The various forces in the gang are intertwined. If the disciple wants to be reused in the gang, It is not an easy thing, please forgive me for letting the sect master down."

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "As you said, I am not disappointed. You also know my situation. I have now joined the Hell Gate. This Hell Gate is a very powerful force. I plan to develop in the Hell Gate for a period of time. , this time I took over the mission of Hell Gate and came to kill Gongsun Jing, what do you think of Gongsun Jing?"

Zhao Hai asked Chu Yang this, not that he didn't want to kill Gongsun Jing. He would definitely kill Gongsun Jing, but he also wanted to know about Gongsun Jing, because he wanted to know who Gongsun Jing was. He had offended Hell Gate somewhere, and Hell Gate actually wanted to kill him.

Chu Yang said in a deep voice: "I have met Gongsun Jing several times. He is very arrogant, but his strength is very strong. He is a physical practitioner, but he is not a good person. He is domineering, moody, and murderous. He is not easy to deal with, but I heard that he has good friendships with some sect disciples, which is why he has been able to live freely in Dingfeng City for such a long time."

When Zhao Hai heard what Chu Yang said, he couldn't help but frowned slightly and said, "Does this Gongsun Jing have friendship with those sect disciples? Is he a disciple of those sects?" Zhao Hai found out in the information that the old man gave him before. , I really didn’t see this. If Gongsun Jing really has friendship with that sect disciple, then his mission this time may have changes.

Chu Yang said in a deep voice: "Actually, they are the sect disciples in several stores in the city, but I think their relationship is just that. The reason why those sect disciples made friends with him is nothing more than I just want to borrow his power and collect more things, and the price of collecting things from him is very cheap. That guy squeezes ordinary casual cultivators very hard."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "I see, it's not a big deal then. Go back now and help me keep an eye on the whereabouts of Gongsun Jing in the past few days. I'll find an opportunity to take care of him. That's right." , when I want to kill him this time, I will make some noise. You may go to support then. Remember, go to the powerful people in your gang and I will help you. This time After what happened, your status in the gang may be improved, but you will also suffer some hardships."

Chu Yang responded, then saluted Zhao Hai, then turned and left. Zhao Hai looked at his back, but nodded with satisfaction. The disciples he brought out from the sect this time were not the strongest in the sect, but they were definitely the smartest. Chu Yang's current performance , which made him very satisfied.

Then Zhao Hai glanced around, and with a movement of his body, he disappeared into a big tree. For him, letting himself blend into the big tree was also a way to rest, but he had been there for a long time. Time has not used this kind of rest. Now he has to wait for news from Chu Yang anyway, so he is not in a hurry, so he simply goes into the big tree to rest.

In the following days, Zhao Hai has been resting in the big tree. He is also feeling the life of this big tree. He has not been like this for a long time. He calms down and feels it well, like This big tree has such a life, so Zhao Hai is now a little addicted to it.

Every life has its own unique life form, and the same goes for big trees. The big tree where Zhao Hai is now is still very healthy. He is working hard to grow and is full of vitality. This feeling has also affected Zhao Hai's mood improved a lot. He even felt that his body seemed to relax a lot. This made Zhao Hai's mood even better, so he stayed in the big tree until he He felt that there was someone calling him, and he woke up. Then he moved and retreated from the tree.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.