c7868 Task

Watching the ghost soldier leave, Zhao Hai did not look at Song. He first looked at the cave. Soon Zhao Hai discovered that there was indeed no surveillance circle in the cave, which made him feel relieved. , and then he arranged a forbidden magic circle at the cave door. There is also a door at the cave door. As long as the door is half closed, this is his room. After Zhao Hai arranged the magic circle at the door, he directly Returned to the room.

After looking at this room, I found that this room is actually a simple suite. Inside is a bedroom, which can also be used as a quiet room. It is not small in size. There is a living room outside. It is really simple. In the living room Next to it, there is a clean room, which is used for convenience.

After Zhao Hai looked at the room, he went to the living room, took out the jade slip, and took a look at the content in the jade slip. The content in the jade slip was to introduce the Gate of Hell, but the introduction was not very detailed. , it just introduces the situation here in Infinite Hell to be more detailed.

Zhao Hai is now a ghost agent here in the Infernal Affairs Hell. He is mainly managed by the Infernal Affairs Hell. Their main tasks are actually some special tasks. The special tasks mentioned here are actually assassination tasks. Except for Some people who pose a threat to Hell Gate are very important to Hell Gate.

When Zhao Hai saw these things, he almost understood what was going on. The so-called people who threatened Hell Gate might be people like Yuchi Tiedan. As for how Yuchi Tiedan could threaten Hell Gate. If there is a threat, then I don't know, but Zhao Hai believes that he will know in the future.

Zhao Hai can be sure that Hell Gate does not completely trust him now, and some things will not be told to him. There are only some relatively simple contents in this jade slip. Among them, what interests him the most is that every time he When you complete a task, you will receive a reward from the door, and this reward seems to be quite heavy.

Zhao Hai also understood what was going on. He could only be regarded as a killer in the Hell Gate now. Although he was a ghost, the Hell Gate could not completely trust him yet, so he was not completely regarded as a Hell Gate. Instead, they regard him as a person who can cooperate with him during the killing. Whether he can become one of Hell Gate's own people in the future depends on his performance.

Zhao Hai let out a long breath and took back his mental power. But right here, the jade slip in his hand was broken into pieces. Looking at the broken jade slip, Zhao Hai didn't care. Hell Gate Zhao Hai admired this approach of such people. Under normal circumstances, they would not leave any clues for others to catch.

Zhao Hai actually doesn't have any other ideas. He really wants to join Hell Gate now. Hell Gate's power is not small. At least from his current point of view, Hell Gate's power is definitely very big. I'm afraid it won't be as powerful as The general small sects are weak in strength, but they have never shown it. This makes Zhao Hai a little strange. What makes Zhao Hai even more strange is that the Tenth Palace Yama in the Hell Sect seems to be very strong, but they are not. There is no mountain growing, which is a bit weird.

Zhao Hai just wanted to see what was going on with the people at Hell Gate. Are they really just thinking about the casual cultivators? There is still some other purpose, and joining a large organization like Hell Gate may be more convenient for his future actions, but first he must gain the trust of Hell Gate and let the people of Hell Gate really put him Treat him as one of his own, so that he can use the power of Hell Gate to do something for himself, such as collecting intelligence.

After staying in the cave for a day, Zhao Hai left the cave the next day and walked around the cave. He didn't go too far, because the jade slip stipulated that he could move around, that is, If something happened near this cave, he could just call the ghost soldiers.

It is also very simple to call those ghost soldiers. He only needs to take out the token in his Hell Gate and input a trace of spiritual energy into it. He was given a token in the Hell Gate. Look at that token. It looks very simple, it seems to be an iron token, but there are three magic circles in that token. One magic circle is the identification magic circle. By identifying the magic circle, it is possible to confirm his identity. Confirm that he is For people from Hell Gate, the second magic circle is the calling circle. This magic circle can be used in two ways. If the spiritual energy input is small, it can only be used at close range, for example, within a radius of about five miles. If the spiritual energy input is too much, The calling range will be large, and you can call people thousands of miles away at most. The third magic circle is a portable teleportation array. This portable teleportation array can only allow you to return to the cave from the outside, and the location is where Zhao Hai entered the cave. It is the small cave. There will be no difference. The place.

Zhao Hai walked around and felt very bored. There was nothing interesting here. Although King Pingping gave him three days, Zhao Hai really didn't want to stay in this cave for three days doing nothing. While walking around in the cave, he had already placed the magic bugs in the cave. Those magic bugs could reproduce as much as they wanted in the cave. When their number reached a certain level, what would this cave be like? It can be seen clearly.

So now Zhao Hai felt that he had nothing to do, so he directly used the token to call a ghost soldier. Soon the ghost soldier arrived outside Zhao Hai's cave. He shouted loudly into Zhao Hai's cave. He said: "What are your orders, sir?" Zhao Hai is now a ghost soldier, and his status is higher than that of the ghost soldier, so the other party calls him sir.

Zhao Hai opened the door and said to the ghost soldier: "Can I go do the mission now? There is no point in staying in the cave all the time. After I complete the mission, I can rest for a while. I still want to go back and see my apprentice." This was Zhao Hai's true words, and he honestly thought so.

As soon as the ghost soldier heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately said: "Okay, sir, please come with me." Zhao Hai nodded, and then followed the ghost soldier outside. After a while, the two of them arrived at the Hall of Infinite Hell again. Outside, the ghost soldier said loudly to the main hall: "Ghost sent a shadow, asking to see His Highness."

"Come in." The hoarse voice of King Ping Ping came once, and Zhao Hai walked directly into the hall. When he reached the middle of the hall, he gave a big salute to King Ping Ping's position, and then said loudly: "Ying, Meet His Highness." King Ping Ping is his direct supervisor, so of course he has to respect him.

King Ping Ping looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "What's the matter with you coming to see me?" King Ping Ping was really curious about why Zhao Hai came to him. Zhao Hai's one action was really too much. It's weird. Although they got the report, they still haven't figured out how Zhao Hai killed Yuchi Tiedan. But anyway, Zhao Hai completed the task, and Zhao Hai also knew about the Hell Gate. existence, so they let Zhao Hai join the Hell Gate. They wanted to see if Zhao Hai was trustworthy.

It was precisely because of this that they called Zhao Hai back and wanted to give him a task, but they did not expect that as soon as Zhao Hai arrived here, he immediately came to see him. This surprised King Ping Ping, so he That's why he asked this question. He really wanted to know what Zhao Hai was thinking.

Zhao Hai saluted King Ping Ping and said: "Your Highness, I want to complete the task earlier, because after every task, there is some rest time. I still have disciples in Jianyuan Town, and I want to go back and see him. ." Zhao Hai really wanted to go back and see Lanka, and he believed that King Pingping and the others knew about Lanka, so he said this.

Of course King Pingping knew about the existence of Lanka, so when he heard what Zhao Hai said, he just nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, this is your mission, just take a look." After that, he moved his hand, He took out a piece of jade slip and threw it forward. Then the jade slip slowly flew in front of Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai stretched out his hand to take the jade slip, looked inside with his mental strength, and immediately discovered that this time it was another assassination mission, but this time the assassination mission was not to kill a sect disciple, but a casual cultivator , a very powerful casual cultivator. The most important thing is that this casual cultivator also has a gang. His location is also near the endless abyss, in a relatively large city. It can be said that he is from that city. A local snake.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw this task, he couldn't help but smile. This task was really not difficult for him, because there were people from the Blood Killing Sect in that city, and he was already very familiar with the situation in that city. understanding, and now the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect has joined the gang he targeted, but he is just an ordinary gang member and is not taken very seriously.

Of course, Zhao Hai would not show it on his face. Instead, he raised his head and said to King Ping Ping: "Your Highness, can I set off now?" He now knows the mission, and of course there is no need to stay. He wants to set off now. , he wanted to complete this task earlier, and of course, he also wanted to push the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect one step forward.

King Ping Ping glanced at Zhao Hai, then nodded and said: "Okay, but you must also pay attention that this mission is not easier than your test mission. Although we have to deal with a casual cultivator this time, his The strength is indeed very strong. The most important thing is that this time you cannot assassinate him. He must directly attack and kill him. Before killing him, you must also let him know who killed him. How about that? No problem, right? ?”

Zhao Hai understood what King Ping Ping meant. When he killed Yuchi Tiedan before, it was an assassination. He let Yuchi Tiedan die silently, but this time the person he wanted to kill had to be an attack. That is to say , he wants everyone to know that he killed this person. Of course, he can not let people know who he is, but he must let people know that the person died in the hands of the Hell Gate. Only in this way can it be considered complete. got the task,

Speaking of which, this mission is even more dangerous than the last mission, because in the last mission he could assassinate, and in the end he didn't even have to do it, but this time it was different. He had to attack and kill, so it might be possible. The danger of being attacked by the opponent's men is even greater than the last time.