c7864 Gui Cha

Zhao Hai and the others shook their heads quickly, and then the fat shopkeeper said: "After Lord Yuchi was killed yesterday, all the lords of Xuanjia Sect immediately launched an all-out investigation. Don't tell me, this investigation is really After finding out some things, they discovered that in the small town, some monks actually had Xuanjia Sect's techniques and standard weapons. Do you know what this means?" Although he was asking everyone, That way, everyone must know. .

Everyone does know that they are all casual cultivators and understand what this means. This means that those casual cultivators may have killed the Xuanjia Sect disciples and then obtained the Xuanjia Sect from those Xuanjia Sect disciples. I kept the skills or magic weapons for myself to use, but I didn’t expect that they would be found this time.

Zhao Hai also understood why those people ran away. They killed Xuanjia Sect disciples. If they didn't run away, they would only be killed. So of course they had no choice but to fight. For a moment, Zhao Hai couldn't help but Sighing secretly, it seems that among these casual cultivators, there are also some desperadoes who dare to do anything.

As soon as the fat shopkeeper saw Zhao Hai and the others, he knew that they had understood, and then he continued: "It is precisely because of this that the adults of Xuanjia Sect are very angry now. I heard that they are planning to attack the entire The town is conducting a second inspection, so people’s space equipment must be inspected. If they find anyone with Xuanjia Sect’s skills or items on their body, they will kill them without mercy.”

Upon hearing what the fat shopkeeper said, the expressions of Zhao Hai and the others changed. One of the casual cultivators said, "Why do you want to inspect our space equipment? In that case, we don't have any secrets. If we have something good in our hands, will it be snatched away by people from the Xuanjia Sect?"

The fat shopkeeper glanced at him and said: "Even if I want to rob you, what can you do? You have to listen obediently. If you dare to run away now, the people of Xuanjia Sect will definitely hunt you down." Yes, are you really sure that you can escape with your life from the Xuanjia Sect’s pursuit? So you’d better stay here honestly.”

After hearing what the fat shopkeeper said, several people stopped talking. Just like what the fat shopkeeper said, even if the people of Xuanjia Sect went too far, what would they dare to do? If they really dared to mess around. If so, the consequences would be really unimaginable. People from the Xuanjia Sect would definitely hunt them down, and then they would really be dead.

Zhao Hai also sighed and said: "It seems that he can only leave after being inspected by the people of Xuanjia Sect. I hope they will inspect it soon, and then I will leave. I think that for some time in the future, Xuanjia Sect will not be able to leave." The meeting welcomes casual cultivators too much. No matter where they go, they will be strictly monitored, so I'd better go somewhere else."

When the fat shopkeeper heard what Zhao Hai said, he didn't say anything, but sighed softly and said: "You are right. In the future, Xuanjia Sect will definitely conduct strict inspections on all casual cultivators. , if you can leave Xuanjia Sect and seek life elsewhere, it would be better to leave for a while." Zhao Hai also nodded and stopped talking.

In the following two days, all casual cultivators in the town were inspected, including their space preparations. And this time the inspection really found some problems, and there were many casual cultivators. Xiu, he actually carries things belonging to Xuanjia Sect disciples, or possesses Xuanjia Sect's techniques. For this reason, there have been several conflicts in the small town in the past few days.

Of course, Zhao Hai has no problem. In his space equipment, except for some changes of clothes, two ordinary jade slips of martial arts, some medicinal materials and spiritual stones, there are only a few magic weapons, all of which are It is a very ordinary magic weapon, and there is nothing else there, so it is absolutely safe.

After three days like this, Zhao Hai finally received the news that all qualified people in the town could go to the mission hall, hand over their jade tokens to the mission hall, and then leave. As soon as he heard the news, Zhao Hai said goodbye to the fat shopkeeper immediately, and then went directly to the mission hall. What he did was actually just a show, just to tell others that he wanted to leave the town as soon as possible.

In fact, many casual cultivators did think so. Those casual cultivators had already arrived at the mission hall and were lining up to return the jade tokens to the monks there. Then they all left the town quickly. Zhao Hai stood there. In this team, when it was his turn, he returned the jade token to the monk, and quickly left the mission hall and walked out of the town. As expected, he didn't see anyone on the way. The disciples of Xuanjia Sect came to make things difficult.

Zhao Hai entered the woods. After that, he first checked his body and found that there was nothing wrong with his body, and there were no secret marks left by others. Then he walked forward quickly, in the direction he was heading. , it was the direction he appeared before. The people at Hell Gate said they would send someone to pick him up, but the person to pick him up has not shown up yet. He really didn’t know what the people at Hell Gate were thinking, but there he was in the town. He absolutely couldn't stay anymore, he had to leave, so he could only go there.

In fact, if Zhao Hai wants to go back to the cave in front of the Hell Gate now, there is no problem. Even though the cave is messy like a spider web, if he wants to go back, he can still go back right away, but he can't If he does that, he is now a person who has not joined Hell Gate. If he returns to Hell Gate now, he can be sure that the people in Hell Gate will pursue him with all their strength. That is not what he wants to see. .

Just as Zhao Hai was walking forward, suddenly a person appeared from behind a big tree next to him. Zhao Hai was startled. When he was about to attack the person, he found that the person was wearing a black robe with a head on his head. Wearing the mask of a kid, he couldn't help but put down his hand and looked at the man.

The man looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Zhao Ying, your mission has been completed, come with me." Zhao Hai responded and walked to the man's side. The man led Zhao Hai forward. After a while, they arrived at the place where he had appeared before. Then the man took out a mask and brought it to Zhao Hai's head. Zhao Hai could not see anything and could not release his mental power. Then the man took out a mask and brought it to Zhao Hai's head. As Zhao Hai kept walking forward, he walked for nearly an hour before he stopped. After taking off the mask on his head, Zhao Hai found that he had come to the warehouse again.

After entering the warehouse, the man pointed at the location of the teleportation array in the middle of the warehouse, and said in a deep voice: "Stand up." Zhao Hai responded and stood directly on the teleportation array. Then a white light flashed, and Zhao Hai He found that he once appeared in a cave, and in that cave, there was also a man in black robes and a kid mask waiting for him.

The man glanced at Zhao Hai, and then said in a deep voice: "Follow me." Zhao Hai responded and quickly followed the man outside. They wandered around the cave for another hour before arriving at the Ghost Judge's Hall. In front of the door, the small door reported loudly to the door: "The tested disciple Zhao Ying has completed the test task. Return to the door and ask for permission from King Qin Guang." After saying that, the kid stepped aside and Zhao Hai was left standing alone in front of the Ghost Judge's Hall.

Then he heard a voice from the Ghost Judge's Hall: "Xuan Zhaoying has come in." Zhao Hai knew the voice was that of King Qin Guang as soon as he heard it. He responded quickly, and then slowly walked towards He walked into the main hall and reached the middle of the main hall. Then he pointed at the position of King Qin Guang and said loudly: "Zhao Haiying meets His Royal Highness King Qin Guang." After saying that, he bowed deeply to that position, but he did not kneel down. Ceremony, there is no need to kneel down and worship at the gate of hell.

King Qin Guang looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Zhao Ying, the disciple who accepted the test, sneaked into Qingshanfang City of Xuanjia Sect. In one month and two days, he had no physical movement before, but he was able to master Yuchi Iron Pill. Later, when Yuchi Tiedan was out, he sneaked into Yuchi Tiedan's secret room and set up a trap. After Yuchi Tiedan returned to the secret room, he triggered the trap and blew himself up. After Yuchi Tiedan was killed, At the time of the explosion, Zhao Hai was in the mission hall of Fang City. There were many witnesses and there was an accurate alibi. Therefore, the suspicion was removed and he left Fang City smoothly. The mission was completed. The intelligence of mission completion is excellent. Zhao Ying, Do you have anything to say in summary of this mission?"

Zhao Hai pretended to be surprised. In fact, when he sneaked into Yuchi Tiedan's secret room, he found someone following him. However, he found out that the other person was a disciple of Hell Sect, so he did not point it out. He was pretending not to know, and now it seemed that the people at Hell Gate had been monitoring him.

But of course he couldn't show that he knew it for a long time. He pretended that he didn't know. Now after hearing what King Qin Guang said, he quickly said: "No, the disciple has no objection." Of course he had nothing to say. Of course, the other party didn't know anything about his killing methods. What he said about setting up traps and so on were all guesses. Of course, Zhao Hai wouldn't say anything.

King Qin Guang nodded, and then said: "Okay, as long as you have no objections, from today on, you are an official member of our Hell Sect, named Gui Cha, codenamed Shadow. Come and give me the robe of the Hell Sect. "Immediately, a kid picked up a set of clothes and walked to Zhao Hai. There was also a mask and a token on the clothes.

Zhao Hai took the clothes and put them away directly. Of course, he couldn't put them on right away. He still stood there and listened to King Qin Guang's lecture. King Qin Guang looked at him and said in a deep voice: "Zhao Ying, you are now a ghost of my Hell Gate. You will have a long-term mission to do, but before you do the mission, you will have During the one-month vacation, you can deal with some of your personal matters, and after one month, there will be a task for you."

Zhao Hai responded, then he raised his fist towards King Qin Guang and said, "Your Highness, I wonder if I can take my disciples to do the mission together?" The disciple Zhao Hai mentioned was of course Lanka, and Lanka and him They are very close. Of course he wants to take Lanka with him wherever he goes, but King Qin Guang must agree to this matter, otherwise Lanka will not be able to be with him.

King Qin Guang said in a deep voice: "Yes, but you can't tell your disciple your identity, unless one day, your disciple also joins our Hell Sect, go ahead." Zhao Hai responded and exited the hall.