c7862 kill

Zhao Hai returned to the inn and entered the room through the window. After entering the room, he glanced around and was sure that no one had entered his room. Zhao Hai felt relieved and lay down directly. Resting in bed until the next morning, he still got up at the same time every day, then ate in the store, and then went to the mission hall. .

Zhao Hai's luck was really good today. In the mission hall, there were two tasks that he could complete. Zhao Hai was not polite and went directly to complete those two tasks. For Zhao Hai The casual cultivators hated Zhao Hai's actions with all their teeth. Until now, they had not gained any benefits from Zhao Hai. How could they not be angry?

But they have nothing to do with Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai now stays in the town every day. Even if he leaves the town, it will be difficult for them to keep up with Zhao Hai. If they can't keep up with Zhao Hai, naturally they can't stop him. , In this way, why can't they do anything to Zhao Hai? After all, Zhao Hai stays in the town, so they don't dare to do anything to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai didn't care at all about the reactions of those people. After completing the task, Zhao Hai did not leave the task hall. He was still looking at the tasks in the task hall to see if there were any more tasks that he could complete. Yes, in fact many casual cultivators are like this. They will even buy a bottle of wine and drink while waiting in the mission hall.

And Zhao Hai's recent performance has also taught other casual cultivators something. Those casual cultivators actually learned what Zhao Hai did. He collected the medicine first, and if it could be saved, he kept it in his hands. If they can't save it, they can buy it directly from those stores. This will increase their income, which is a good thing for them.

In the past, people in this small town always relied on those tasks. When they encountered any herbs, they sometimes did not pick those herbs, but waited or marked them for later use. But now it is different. Now they will just pick those herbs and replace them directly with spiritual stones.

Just like this, a day passed. No one knew that although Zhao Hai stayed here in the mission hall, he had been monitoring Yuchi Tiedan. Yuchi Tiedan had not come back since he left, but Zhao Hai did not Anxiously, he believed that Yuchi Tiedan would definitely come back, and would come back soon. If he didn't want to be chased by Yuedu people, he would come back.

He returned to the store in the evening. After dinner, he did not go back to his room. Instead, he bought a few bottles of wine and drank it in the store. In the past few days, he also got to know some of the regulars in the store. Everyone knew him somewhat, and today he started drinking with those people. Treats like this were very common among casual cultivators, so no one would suspect him.

It was still the same on the second day, and until the third night, when Zhao Hai was drinking with the casual cultivators, he received a reminder that Yuchi Tiedan was back. Zhao Hai did not go back to the room because he felt it was not necessary. So he drank with you in the hall until very late before returning to his room.

After Yuchi Tiedan returned to the secret room, he did not practice. Instead, he rested there for a while and then went directly to the hall in front. He was not in a hurry, because tomorrow was what he had agreed with the Yuedu people. Time was running out. If he was not afraid of giving Yuedu what he wanted, he would be hunted down by Yuedu, so he did not dare to waste time.

When Yuchi Tiedan arrived in the living room in front, he also let out a sigh of relief, and then made himself a pot of spiritual tea. After drinking a few cups of tea, he sat there and said in a deep voice: "Come out." Following his voice, a trace of Yin Qi slowly appeared on the broken sword, and then a group of white shadows flew out of the broken sword.

The white shadow was still the masked ghost. The ghost looked at Yuchi Tiedan and said in a deep voice: "What? Are the things we want ready?" He spoke very rudely. In fact, he There is indeed no need to be polite to Yuchi Tiedan. There is no way for someone of Yuchi Tiedan's level to attract their attention.

Yuchi Tiedan looked at the ghost and said in a deep voice: "It's ready. Here it is." After saying that, he turned his hand over and found something in his hand. It was a piece of metal, which seemed to be more than thirty centimeters long. , the width is only about ten centimeters, and the thickness is only about five centimeters, it is just a piece of metal. ,

Yuchi Tiedan put the piece of metal on the table and said in a deep voice: "Xuanyin Iron, this piece is enough to pay my hiring fee this time. Take a look, if there is no problem, then we will It's settled." As he said this, he looked at the ghost, his eyes sparkling.

The ghost looked at the piece of metal that Yuchi Iron Pill placed on the table. After looking at it, he moved and directly entered the piece of Xuanyin Iron. This Xuanyin Iron is a metal with Yin properties. He It can be used to refine some magical weapons with Yin properties, which is considered a good material.

And this kind of metal is also very precious to ghosts, because people of the ghost clan can absorb the Yin Qi in this Xuanyin Iron to strengthen their own strength. Of course, this Xuanyin Iron is also very precious. It is not easy, so it is not easy to get such a large piece of Xuanyin Iron.

The ghost landed on the Xuanyin Iron and did not move for a while, as if it was absorbing the Yin Qi in the Xuanyin Iron. However, it only stayed on the Xuanyin Iron for a short while, and then flew up again, and then He glanced at Yuchi Tiedan and said in a deep voice: "Very good, I'm very satisfied with this thing. We are clear of both sides this time. If you don't need our services next time, you can call us. Remember, please Keep that broken sword. If you still want us to serve you next time, just input the spiritual energy into the broken sword, and we will appear again." After saying that, the ghost's body moved and wrapped around Xuanyin. Iron, then disappeared directly, and even Xuanyin Iron disappeared.

Yuchi Tiedan looked at the direction where the ghost disappeared and let out a long sigh. Then his expression slowly recovered. He glanced around, then walked directly to the broken sword and handed the broken sword to him. He put it away and then walked back.

First he went to the bedroom and rested for a while. When it was almost dawn, he entered the secret room, then sat on the futon. Then he channeled his spiritual energy and started practicing. At this time, Zhao Hai also got up. He went to the restaurant in the store, had something to eat, and then came to the mission city hall. He had already made up his mind that he would not do the mission today. Now, just stay in the mission hall.

At this time, Zhao Hai discovered that Yuchi Tiedan was dead. After this discovery, Zhao Hai directly ordered the magic insects to explode on Yuchi Tiedan's body. Yuchi Tiedan's body was directly destroyed. It was blown into half, and the entire secret room was a mess of blood and flesh.

The explosion also attracted the attention of the Xuanjia Sect disciples. They immediately rushed into the secret room, and then discovered the body of Yuchi Tiedan. At this time, all the Xuanjia Sect disciples were stunned. Then the entire Xuanjia Sect's station in the town became chaotic. Countless Xuanjia Sect disciples began to gather in the secret room, and then rushed out of the station under the command of several Xuanjia Sect disciples. , ran to the small town.

Just after the Xuanjia Sect disciple rushed to the town, Zhao Hai heard a piercing siren, and one voice came out: "Everyone, listen, stay where you are and don't move. If anyone If you dare to move, you will be shot to death." This voice rang several times, making people in the town panic. Everyone didn't know what happened and why they were not allowed to move, but no one really dared Move around, because everyone knows that if they dare to mess around, they may really be killed, and that will be the end of it. Their death will be in vain, and there is no place to reason.

The mission hall where Zhao Hai and the others were in was also in chaos, but no one dared to go out. However, everyone was talking about it, wondering what happened. Zhao Hai happened to have a few familiar people who were in the mission hall. Inside, several people started chatting in low voices, not knowing what was going on.

After a while, I heard the door of the mission hall ringing, and then several disciples of Xuanjia Sect rushed into the mission hall from the outside with livid faces. They took a look at the mission hall, and then turned around and walked to the mission hall. Inside, he asked a monk at the counter: "Has anyone been out in the hall after the alarm went off?"

The monks at the counter were originally casual cultivators who were employed by the Xuanjia Sect. The disciples of the Xuanjia Sect still trusted them very much, so when they came up and asked them, the disciples all shook their heads. Indeed, from the time the siren sounded to now, no one really went out.

The Xuanjia Sect disciple then glanced at the people in the hall, and then asked: "When did they all enter Xuanjia Sect? Before the alarm was sounded, all the people who entered Xuanjia Sect within an hour... Point it out, quickly, you can also point it out to each other, if anyone dares to lie, let us find out, don't blame us for being rude."

There was another chaos in the hall, but the casual cultivators hired by Xuanjia Sect immediately began to point out people. One by one, the casual cultivators were pointed out. Of course, Zhao Hai was not among them, and no one pointed them out. He, because everyone has seen him, has been here in the mission hall since the morning and has not left until now.

Those Xuanjia Sect disciples glanced at those who were pointed out, and then said solemnly: "Those who have been pointed out stand on this side, and those who have not been pointed out stand on the other side." That Xuanjia Sect disciple, He stood in the middle of the hall, pointed to the left, and asked those who were pointed out to stand on the left, while those who were not pointed out should stand on the right.

Zhao Hai naturally stood on the right side, and there were many people standing on the right side with him. After all, there were many people in the mission hall every day. Some people stayed in the mission hall day by day, so of course there would be no one there. Mind you, Zhao Hai is also a frequent visitor to the mission hall, often staying here for several days in a row.