c7860 sneak into

Zhao Hai's eyes lit up when he saw Yuchi Tiedan leaving the town. He really didn't expect that Yuchi Tiedan would leave the town, and he would leave the town in such a secret way. This made Zhao Hai Hai was very surprised, but this was a good opportunity for Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai did not leave the inn immediately, but looked at Yuchi Tiedan. He wanted to see what Yuchi Tiedan was going to do, but what Zhao Hai did not expect was that after Yuchi Tiedan left the tunnel, he went to After walking for a while, he used the portable teleportation array and left directly. This time, Zhao Hai really didn't know where he went.

Although Yuchi Tiedan left, Zhao Hai was not in a hurry. Yuchi Tiedan left in the name of seclusion this time, which means that he will definitely come back and appear in the town in the name of leaving seclusion. Here, then he will definitely return to the town through this underground secret passage. This is his chance. Now he only hopes that Yuchi Tiedan will not return to the town tonight.

Fortunately, Yuchi Tiedan really did not return to the town tonight, which also made Zhao Hai breathe a sigh of relief. This way his plan can proceed. Early the next morning, Zhao Hai was the same as every day. He got up in the morning, had breakfast, and then left the town. After shaking off a few tails, Zhao Hai walked towards the hill where the exit of the secret passage of Yuchi Tiedan was located. go.

Soon he arrived at the hill. That hill was a relatively famous place near the town. It was famous not because of the beautiful scenery or the good things there, but because there was nothing on that hill. It can be said to be a barren land, a place where no one would go.

There were only some shrubs on the hill, and the rest were just rocks. There was nothing good at all, so casual cultivators rarely went there. After seeing the situation on the hill, Zhao Hai nodded secretly and told the exit of the secret passage. The person who lives here is definitely a very powerful guy. A place like this where no one usually comes is really suitable for a secret passage.

Zhao Hai followed the direction that Yuchi Tiedan came out last night. Soon he came to a pile of rubble. There were many piles of rubble, dozens of them, one next to another. It looked really good. But it's no different. Normally, if someone comes over, they won't take a second look at these rocks. No one will ever think that there is a secret exit hidden here.

Zhao Hai walked two steps on the rocks, and finally stopped in front of a rock. This rock looked very ordinary, and it was not the largest among the rocks. Zhao Hai stepped on it with his foot. , very hard, no different from other stones.

But Zhao Hai knows that this stone is the exit of the secret passage of Yuchi Tiedan. This stone is not actually a real stone. It is made by an earth-based magic circle. As long as the right method is used, it can This stone can be easily opened and turned into the entrance and exit of a secret passage.

The method to reach this secret passage is really too simple. Zhao Hai already knew how to open the entrance and exit of this secret passage after just a few glances. Soon, Zhao Hai pinched a few magic tricks in his hand. After hitting the rock, the rock immediately slowly disappeared and turned into a deep cave entrance.

Zhao Hai carefully entered the secret passage. After he entered the secret passage, he felt that the entrance of the cave returned to normal. However, Zhao Hai did not pay attention and walked slowly inside. After a while, he He came to another entrance of the passage. This hole was upward. Zhao Hai glanced at the entrance. The entrance was also blocked by a stone. This stone was a real stone. It was just smaller than the entrance. The hole is large and covers the hole like a lid.

Zhao Hai looked at this stone carefully and found that there were some early warning arrays on this stone. This made Zhao Hai couldn't help but marvel. The person who built this secret passage really put a lot of thought into it. Otherwise, he would not have been able to build this secret passage like this.

Zhao Hai can be sure that this secret tunnel was definitely not built by Yuchi Tiedan. It was absolutely impossible for him to build such a tunnel not long after he took over the town. In other words, this tunnel is actually the town. It was built by the previous controller. As for why he built this secret passage, no one knows.

Zhao Hai immediately sealed the early warning array with a move of his hand, and then flew up with the stone in his hand. When he entered the secret room where Yuchi Tiedan was retreating, he placed the stone on the entrance of the cave again. Then Zhao Hai took a look at this secret room. There was really nothing special about this secret room. Everything seemed very normal.

Zhao Hai glanced at the secret room and nodded. Then he left the secret room and went directly to Yuchi Tiedan's room. Yuchi Tiedan's room was connected to this secret room. He said that he was in retreat. , then this place will naturally become a restricted area, and other people will not come here, so Zhao Hai does not have to worry about anyone breaking in.

Before Zhao Hai entered Yuchi Tiedan's room, he changed his appearance first. He became Yuchi Tiedan's appearance, and even his clothes became Yuchi Tiedan's clothes. Then he entered the room, He didn't look around, he just sat down in the room, drank a cup of tea, and then closed his eyes, as if he was sitting there to rest.

But in fact, Zhao Hai's mental power has covered the entire room. His control of his mental power has reached a very fine level. He can be sure that even if someone is sitting opposite him now, , and you will never find that he is using his mental power to pay attention to the things in the room, and Zhao Hai has only one target, the broken sword where the ghost appears.

The broken sword where the ghost appeared before is placed in this room. Zhao Hai just wants to see what is going on with this broken sword. He now has two guesses. One is the broken sword itself. It is the residence of that ghost. In fact, that ghost has never left the broken sword. It is just that he usually hides it so that no one can find it. The reason why he contacted Yuchi Tiedan is because he He used a special method to contact someone in the outside world. In fact, what he said to Yuchi Tiedan was just an order given to him by others.

Another possibility, which is a bit scary, is that the broken sword is actually a magic circle similar to a portable teleportation circle, but it can only teleport things like ghosts, and the ghosts usually don't stay there. Those in the Broken Sword will only enter the Broken Sword through the teleportation array when necessary.

If it is the first situation, it is not difficult to deal with. It means that there is just a magic circle inside the broken sword, and the way the ghosts communicate with the outside world is actually very simple. Their contact information is originally There are just a lot of them, so others can't find them, which is quite normal. The most important thing is that Zhao Hai can even track the Yuedu people and their organization through this broken sword.

If it is the second situation, the situation will be more troublesome. It is equivalent to a new magic circle, and it is very difficult to use this magic circle to track, so Zhao Hai is now I really hope that it is the first situation, not the second situation.

Zhao Hai's mental power slowly explored the broken sword. He was very careful, fearing that he would be discovered by the ghost. The moment his mental power came into contact with the broken sword, Zhao Hai began to adjust his mental power fluctuations. , so that the fluctuation of your mental power becomes even lower, making it impossible for people to detect it.

Soon, Zhao Hai found a trace of Yin Qi on the broken sword, a very light Yin Qi. This Yin Qi was so light that even if most people noticed it, they would only think that it was this sword. Among the materials used, there were some yin-attribute materials, so that was why it was like this. However, Zhao Hai discovered that this was not the case at all. The yin energy was not emitted by yin-attribute materials, but the yin that was a bit deadly. Qi, but a kind of energetic Yin Qi, that is to say, the trace of Yin Qi was left by the ghost.

Zhao Hai paid attention again, and finally he was sure that this inconspicuous broken sword was actually a space magic weapon. It was hard to imagine that someone would make a sword into a space magic weapon, and there was no such thing. Its other uses are just a space magic weapon, just like a space bag.

And that trace of yin energy was left by the ghost. If Zhao Hai saw it correctly, then the ghost should have entered the space equipment. At the same time, Zhao Hai also discovered that the space array used by this space equipment actually had some In particular, he is different from ordinary space magic arrays. This space magic array actually recognizes its owner. In other words, only the spiritual power of its master can open this space equipment, and no one else can. Open the space equipment.

Zhao Hai couldn't help but be amazed by this discovery. He found that there were really many geniuses in this world, and he had to admire them. The reason why he said this was because the other party perfectly combined ghosts and space equipment. Together, this is actually very scary.

Ghosts can be said to be living things, but they can also be said to be dead things. As for space equipment, as long as it is not the kind of inner space equipment created by Zhao Hai and others, then it is impossible to contain living things in this kind of space equipment. Although a ghost can be regarded as a dead object, it actually has certain characteristics of a living creature. It stands to reason that this kind of space equipment cannot allow ghosts to enter.

But the other party thought of a way, that is, to combine the ghost with the space equipment. In other words, the ghost is really possessed by the space magic circle, not the broken sword. At the same time, the ghost uses its own He used his mental power to refine the space array. It was precisely because he used his mental power to refine the space array that he could possess the space array. After he possessed the space array, the ghost The vitality that belongs to the living part actually remains on the space array and is combined with the space array. However, the spiritual power of the ghost can enter the space array. The space inside the space array, That is his world, he can do anything in it, and he will not be discovered. The monk's mental power can enter the space equipment, otherwise how can the monk take things and put things.