c7863 nervous

After Zhao Hai and the others stood up, the Xuanjia Sect disciples walked up to Zhao Hai, then took out small jade tablets from their space equipment, and then gave the jade plates to each of Zhao Hai and the others. He handed out a piece and then said: "Everyone, please carry the jade plate with you. Wear it openly. Don't take it off. If anyone dares to take off the jade plate, don't blame us for being rude. Now it's all back to you." Where you live, you are not allowed to leave the town. Anyone who dares to leave will be shot to death. ."

Zhao Hai and the others all responded, then quickly took the jade tokens with them, and then walked out quickly one by one. Zhao Hai was naturally among these people. After he came out of the mission hall, he immediately went to the Junyue Inn Walking there, he saw several Xuanjia Sect disciples along the way. Those Xuanjia Sect disciples all looked at Zhao Hai and other casual cultivators with very unkind eyes. When they saw Zhao Hai When he took the jade token with him, he ignored Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai quickly returned to the Junyue Inn. As soon as he entered the inn, he couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. Then he glanced at the fat shopkeeper and saw that the fat shopkeeper also looked at some of the guests in the shop with an unkind expression. , as soon as he saw Zhao Hai come in, his eyes also looked at Zhao Hai. His eyes no longer had the usual gentleness and politeness, but only a trace of murderous intent and surprise.

But when he saw the jade plaque on Zhao Hai's body, his expression softened, but Zhao Hai pretended to be panicked, entered the store, took a few breaths, and then said to the fat shopkeeper He said: "Shopkeeper, do you know what happened? Why did you suddenly kick us out of the mission hall?"

When the fat shopkeeper heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but glance at Zhao Hai and said, "Are you always in the mission hall?" The fat shopkeeper also knew that many casual cultivators usually stayed in the mission hall, and Zhao Hai did the same. , usually when Zhao Hai returns to the store, he will sometimes chat with him for a while, and sometimes even drink two glasses of wine together, so he also knows that sometimes Zhao Hai will stay all day long. In the mission hall, it would not be surprising for him to do this.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, I have been staying in the mission hall. After I went there in the morning, I didn't find any suitable missions, so I stayed there. Suddenly, people from Xuanjia Sect rushed in When we arrived at the mission hall, we were told not to move, and then we were separated. Those who had been staying in the mission hall were each given a jade token and kicked out. Those who had only entered the mission hall in the last hour , I was kept here. I didn’t go out today, so I was let back.” While talking, Zhao Hai picked up the jade tablet and gave it to the shopkeeper to take a look at.

The shopkeeper glanced at Zhao Hai's jade slips, nodded and said: "You are lucky, this time it will be nothing to do with you. I also just received the news. I heard that he is the manager of this town. Lord Yuchi is dead, and he died because of the secret of his martial arts practice. It seems that someone assassinated him, and now Xuanjia Sect is looking for the murderer."

Zhao Hai pretended to be surprised, and at the same time he sighed. Then he looked at the fat shopkeeper and said, "I've heard about Mr. Yuchi too. How could he be assassinated? This is Xuanjia." Zong’s territory? Who dared to assassinate Master Yuchi? And succeeded?"

The fat shopkeeper nodded and said: "Yes, we succeeded, that's why we are looking for the murderer now. I have told you before that almost all the shops in the town have some relationship with Xuanjia Sect. Our small shop It's the same, so we received the news right away. No one in the store can leave now. Anyone who dares to leave will be killed by the Xuanjia Sect. Of course you will be fine. You have been staying in the mission hall. There is no time to assassinate Mr. Yuchi, so I let you out. Just stay in the store and nothing will happen to you."

When Zhao Hai heard what the shopkeeper said, he took a long breath and said: "Fortunately, luckily, luckily I didn't go out today. Otherwise, even if I had a hundred mouths, I wouldn't be able to explain it. Shopkeeper, I can still Got some wine? Bring me two bottles, I want to calm down, this time it really scared me."

The shopkeeper glanced at Zhao Hai, snorted coldly, and said in a deep voice: "What are you drinking at this time? Are you uncomfortable? If the masters of Xuanjia Sect find out that you dare to drink in the store at this time, they will I might kill you in a fit of anger, just stay there and don't act recklessly."

Zhao Hai shivered smartly, and then immediately responded, standing honestly in the restaurant and not daring to move. There were also several casual cultivators sitting there, all with expressions on their faces. They really didn't expect that something like this would happen. They just hoped that they could get through this disaster safely this time.

Not long after Zhao Hai returned to the store, two Xuanjia Sect disciples came in. As soon as the two Xuanjia Sect disciples entered the small store, they immediately walked to the fat shopkeeper, and then One of them said to the fat shopkeeper: "Take out the token." The fat shopkeeper responded, then turned his hand, took out a token, and handed it to the two people.

The two people took the fat shopkeeper's token and looked at it, then returned the token to the fat shopkeeper, and said in a deep voice: "It turns out to be Senior Brother Zuo's. Then tell me about these things in your store." When did people move in, when did they leave today, and when did they come back."

The fat shopkeeper responded, then pointed at Zhao Hai and said: "This is Zhao Ying. He has been living in our store for more than a month. He has been staying in the mission hall today and just came back." Zhao Hai He quickly stood up, saluted the two Xuanjia Sect disciples and said, "I have met these two adults."

The two people didn't even look at Zhao Hai, but waved their hands and said: "Just stay there, don't move." Zhao Hai responded, and then sat there honestly, not daring to say a word Don't speak out, don't even dare to speak out loudly, that way you can't wait to make everyone forget about him.

Then the fat shopkeeper pointed out one by one when the other people moved in and what time they came back today. Two people who had just come back not long ago were called directly by the disciples of Xuanjia Sect. They came out and asked them to stay there and not move. Then they asked the fat shopkeeper to take them upstairs and call people from room to room. Even if there was no one in the empty room, they also visited it and called everyone in the room. After being called out, all the two people who were called out before were taken away, and the remaining people were allowed to return to their rooms, and Zhao Hai naturally returned to the room.

When he arrived in the room, Zhao Hai sat on the bed. He was able to overcome the magic bugs on other Xuanjia Sect disciples and monitor the changes in the entire town. Soon, several conflicts were discovered in the town. Some casual cultivators and The disciples of the Xuanjia Sect clashed, and most of the casual cultivators were killed. Only a few of them fled outside the town, and the disciples of the Xuanjia Sect also followed them.

Zhao Hai was happy to see the reaction of those casual cultivators. Once they ran away like this, their suspicion would become very high. People like Zhao Hai would basically have nothing to worry about. , Zhao Hai really wanted to know why those casual cultivators ran away. If they ran away at this time, wouldn't that make the people of Xuanjia Sect suspicious of them?

The day passed slowly in this tense atmosphere. Early the next morning, Zhao Hai walked out of the room and pretended not to sleep well, and came to the restaurant. As soon as he arrived At the restaurant, they found that the shopkeeper had changed into that smiling look again. As soon as the shopkeeper saw Zhao Hai, he immediately clasped his fists at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother Zhao Ying, I was really sorry yesterday. You also know that if something like this happens, we will also be nervous, so I am really sorry for not treating you well."

Zhao Hai quickly smiled and said: "What did the shopkeeper say? If you hadn't explained it directly to those Xuanjia Sect adults yesterday, I'm afraid I would have had some trouble. Speaking of which, I would like to thank you very much. , thank you." Of course Zhao Hai didn't care about the shopkeeper's performance, so he said this.

The shopkeeper also smiled and said: "No, I didn't do anything, I just told the truth. Now the fact has almost passed, it should be fine, you don't have to worry anymore, but I'm afraid you will still be here Stay in the town for a few days and wait until the master of Xuanjia Sect takes back the jade token on your body before you can leave the town. Otherwise, you cannot leave the town. I think you might as well rest here. Forget it for a few days.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, let's rest for a few days. When I can leave the town in a few days, I'm leaving. Shopkeeper, I won't pay more for my store in a few days." When God allowed me to leave the town, I left directly and went to stay somewhere else for a while. I felt that the town might not be peaceful for some time to come, so I was ready to leave."

There was a wry smile on the face of the fat shopkeeper, and then he said in a deep voice: "It's not just you, I'm afraid many people in the town will leave. It will take a while for the business of our shop to recover. If you come back next time If you come to a small town, I will make it cheaper for you to stay here."

Zhao Hai hurriedly said: "Absolutely, definitely, the shopkeeper, don't forget what you said today." After saying that, he saluted to the shopkeeper. The shopkeeper also returned the gift repeatedly, and then asked Xiaobing to give Zhao Hai a gift. Zhao Hai did not go upstairs after eating, but stayed in the restaurant, chatting without saying a word with the people who were still in the restaurant.

The fat shopkeeper didn't mean anything. Seeing the lively chatter among the people, he also came over, looked at Zhao Hai and the others with a mysterious look on his face and said, "Do you know what happened yesterday?" Look at his face. With a mysterious look, he was definitely not talking about the assassination of Yuchi Tiedan, because everyone already knew what happened yesterday, and the fat shopkeeper told them. Now he would naturally not talk about it, so what happened? It must be something else, which made everyone more curious.