c7872 Dharma

A huge ape cry spread throughout Linyuan Town, and then a giant ape suddenly stood up from one place. The giant ape looked up to the sky and roared, the sound shook the whole place, and everyone in Linyuan was shocked. The town was shocked, but soon the giant ape disappeared, leaving everyone stunned as they didn't know what was going on.

But those with experience will immediately understand that this giant ape is the human Dharma. Someone has condensed the Dharma here in Linyuan Town, and Hu Zhi and the others all know who condensed the Dharma. Of course, it is Zhao Hai. They also seemed very happy, because Zhao Hai condensed the Dharma, which was definitely a good thing for them.

Five days have passed since Zhao Hai completed his last mission. During these five days, Zhao Hai has been in retreat, so he has now condensed the Dharma. There is nothing surprising. Only in those large sect shops The people had complicated expressions on their faces, but they didn't say anything.

Now the Gujian Gang is developing very well, and the amount of transactions with them has always been very large, which has earned them praise from the sect. As for a casual cultivator who has condensed the Dafa Aspect, there is really nothing surprising about it. , although casual cultivators have not received any special inheritance, sometimes the inheritance they receive can make them question the appearance of the Dharma. This is not surprising.

As for the giant ape's Dharma, this is a very common Dharma, and it will not attract their attention, so they don't have much reaction, but their eyes are a bit complicated, a casual cultivator who condenses the Dharma. , in the world of casual cultivators, he is already considered a master.

At this time, Zhao Hai was sitting in his room, his eyes still closed, but his face was filled with joy. The reason why he was so happy was of course not because he had condensed the Dharma. It’s because this Dharma Appearance is different from other Dharma Appearances. This Dharma Appearance of his is among the Dharma Appearances of the Eleven Hundred and Eight Armed Buddha. The Buddha's arms have been increased by two, and the image of this giant ape is held in the hand of one of the two newly added arms. This giant ape is squatting on that hand, and it seems to be very tall. Well-behaved, this surprised Zhao Hai. He really didn't expect that his natal Dharma would have such an ability. He originally thought that he would find a way to change his Dharma, but he didn't expect that in the end, But it turned out like this, which also made him worry a lot, and he no longer had to think of ways to change his appearance.

Zhao Hai slowly opened his eyes, with a smile on his face. Such a change is definitely a good thing for him. He can even create more Dharma images in the future, so that he can have With multiple identities, he will no longer be suspected, that's why Zhao Hai is so happy.

He calmed down and walked out of the quiet room. When he got outside, he found Hu Zhi and the others waiting for him outside. Zhao Hai saluted Hu Zhi and the others, and then said with a smile: "Brother, why are you all here?" Are you there?" Zhao Hai looked very happy, as if he was a person who had just condensed the Dharma. He was obviously very happy, but he had to show a calm look, so that's why he was like this.

Hu Zhi said to Zhao Hai with excitement: "Brother, you have condensed the Dharma? This is a great thing, hahahaha, no matter what, you are still a member of our Ancient Sword Gang, and your strength has been improved now. That also means that the strength of our Ancient Sword Gang has been improved, how can we not be happy about this?"

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "The accumulation of many years was just because I didn't have the skills before. Now that I have the skills, it will naturally come naturally. Brother, you don't have to worry. After I complete a few tasks, if possible, I will I’ll see if I can help you get some sets of exercises to improve your strength.”

Hu Zhi shook his head, then laughed and said: "Forget it, let's forget it. Whether we can condense the Dharma form is not that important to us anymore. Don't be embarrassed. Xiaojiu, go sell some wine and come back. We must have a good drink today."

Zhao Hai didn't say anything, just laughed, while Xiao Jiu also ran to buy wine. Everyone in the Gujian Gang was very happy that day. Everyone drank a lot of wine. For the people in the Gujian Gang For them, it is very important for them to have a person who has condensed the Dharma in their gang.

In the next two days, the atmosphere in Linyuan Town has been very good, but Zhao Hai is leaving. Finally, on the day when he was going to gather, Zhao Hai left Linyuan Town, and Lanka He has become accustomed to this kind of separation. Anyway, he knows that Zhao Hai will be back soon, so he has nothing to worry about.

When Zhao Hai returned to the cave at the Hell Gate, a ghost soldier immediately led him into the Infinite Hell, and bluntly said that King Pingping wanted to see him. When he arrived at the Infinite Hell, he signed up and prepared to enter the main hall. After entering, he immediately bowed to King Ping Ping and said: "Ying, pay homage to His Highness."

"Ying, you performed very well. I really didn't expect that you could condense the Dharma form so quickly. Okay, this is very good. Take it, this is your task. You can complete it whenever you want. Don't be anxious, you can rest in the door for a few days, go down." Zhao Hai responded, he could feel that King Ping Ping's attitude towards him had some changes, and this change was for the better, which made He was also very happy.

After he left the hall, he first returned to his room. When he arrived in the room, he took out the mission jade slip and carefully looked at the contents in the jade slip. After reading the contents in the jade slip, Zhao Hai then let out a sigh of relief. The mission this time was still an assassination mission, but this time the targets he wanted to assassinate were the disciples of the sect.

However, the people he had to deal with this time were not the disciples of the Xuanjia Sect, but the disciples of the Qingyang Sect. He also knew about the Qingyang Sect. It was also a well-known sect around here, and its strength was actually the same as that of the Xuanjia Sect. There are not many clear ones, but he is a Xuanmen sect and his strength is also very good.

In Linyuan Town, there is a store of Qingyang Sect, so he also has some understanding of Qingyang Sect. Although Qingyang Sect is a Xuanmen sect, their major is talismans, various kinds of Their sect has talismans, and the most important thing is that some of the disciples in their sect also use talisman as their dharma form, which is very powerful.

Precisely because this is a sect, his assassination mission this time is a real assassination, and he cannot show his true identity. It is best not to let anyone know who killed the Qingyang sect disciple, and There is no time limit for this task. He can complete it whenever he wants.

After Zhao Hai saw this task, he also breathed a sigh of relief. To be honest, the task given to him by the sect this time was actually something he was more willing to complete. He could assassinate the disciples of the sect without revealing his appearance. This was his choice. That's more. He doesn't have to fight hard with those monks, which is definitely a good thing for him.

It's not that Zhao Hai doesn't want to fight hard with those monks, but there is really no need to fight hard. Fighting hard with those monks is not necessarily a good thing for him, because he is afraid that he will not be able to bear it for a while. , just go on a killing spree and kill all those guys, which would be troublesome.

When he returned to his room, he did not immediately go to work like he did the previous two times. Instead, he stayed in seclusion in the room for a few days. His retreat in the past few days was, firstly, to study the changes in his physical appearance, and secondly. Just to take a look at Chu Yang's situation, the dagger last time, although he withdrew his strength, still pierced a hole in Chu Yang's body. He had to understand Chu Yang's situation.

In fact, he was very confident about his move this time. He knew very well that his move this time was actually aimed at an insignificant place for Chu Yang. Although it seemed very dangerous, this one It would be fine if he needed to rest for a while, but he was still a little worried. He wanted to see Chu Yang's condition.

After contacting Chu Yang, he found that there was nothing wrong with Chu Yang. Zhao Hai was relieved. However, he also received good news from Chu Yang. Because of the last incident, Chu Yang He has gained the attention of their hall master, and now he has become their hall master's confidant. He can know more about the Iron Arm Gang, which is definitely a good thing for Chu Yang.

Zhao Hai also told Chu Yang not to worry. After a period of time, and his position became more stable, he organized several operations to deal with some of the top brass of the Iron Arm Gang, and then directly pushed him to the top and let him This is Zhao Hai's goal to directly control the Iron Arm Gang, and then slowly control the entire Dingfeng City.

After being busy with such things for a few days, Zhao Hai left the Hell Gate station directly, and directly entered the Qingyang Sect's territory through the teleportation array. The place where he appeared this time turned out to be another warehouse. And this warehouse was actually in the wild, which really surprised Zhao Hai.

Now Zhao Hai has a new understanding of the strength of Hell Gate. The strength of Hell Gate is really very strong. He really didn't expect that Hell Gate would have such a strong strength. Not to mention In addition, just talking about the two warehouses he saw is enough to explain the problem. These warehouses not only contain some daily necessities, but also many other things, including some magic weapons, wound medicine, etc. some.

Zhao Hai figured out what those magic weapons and wound medicines were for. They were just to prepare for war. It seemed that Hell Gate was not ambitious. They had already started to arrange them, and they were not just in one place. There are not many warehouses like this in Hell Gate. Just setting up these warehouses and stocking these materials requires a lot of manpower, but Hell Gate has done it. From this point, it can be seen that Hell The power of the sect was indeed greater than he imagined.

Zhao Hai left the warehouse directly with the help of the ghost soldier who was guarding the warehouse, and then entered a small town about twenty miles away from the warehouse. This town was also a small town of casual cultivators, whom Zhao Hai had visited before. That one is similar to the town of Xuanjia Sect.