c7876 traitor

Early the next morning, Xiaojiu left the town after breakfast. He didn't want to have breakfast, but he was kept by Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai told him that he could only leave after breakfast. , otherwise, it will make people suspicious. There is no way, Xiaojiu can only leave after breakfast.

After Xiaojiu left, Zhao Hai directly asked Lanka and the others to practice in the front yard, while he took Aunt Liu and the others to pack up everything in the yard, from the pickles to the grain. Huang Jing, after arriving at the bedding, packed up all the bedding. Then Zhao Hai asked Aunt Liu and the others to go to other people's homes and pack up their things, including some things that could not be stored for a long time, as well as bedding and other things. They were all packed up. Although these things were inconspicuous, for the poor, they were also part of their property.

Aunt Liu and the others didn't say anything, and immediately started to take action. Soon the things in the yard were packed up. It was not difficult to pack up other people's things, because there were usually no people in those houses, and they were alone as soon as they left. In this month, of course, it is impossible for their family to have no one to take care of them, so Aunt Liu and the others will go to their homes every few days to help clean them. Now Aunt Liu and the others go to those people’s homes to help Even if I clean it, no one will suspect it.

In this way, time passed little by little, and soon Aunt Liu and the others cleaned up all the people's things. After they were finished, the sky also darkened, and everyone came to the yard of Lanka's house. During dinner, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Tomorrow night at three o'clock, everyone will gather here. Remember, everyone should be careful not to make any noise. We Leave tomorrow."

Everyone agreed, but their mood was not very high. This is not their fault. This is their home, and now they are leaving their home. It would be strange to be happy, but they did not object. They They are all old casual cultivators, and they know very well that those who came to deal with them this time, but those sect disciples, if they can't be careful, those sect disciples will kill them. They are There was absolutely no way he could be the opponent of those sect disciples, so no one objected.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, smiled slightly and said: "Don't worry, everyone, we will be back here soon. By then, the people in the shops will not dare to deal with us, so you don't have to Sad, we are just leaving for a while, just like they go outside to collect medicine."

Everyone responded, and the expressions on their faces got a little better, but not much better. Zhao Hai looked at them and didn't say anything. He just asked everyone to eat and go back to rest after eating. Without saying anything else, they went back to eat directly. After eating, they went back to their home to rest.

But Zhao Hai didn't sleep. He walked out of his yard and slowly flew over the town. He looked at the whole town quietly. Time passed little by little and soon it was three o'clock. At this moment, a figure slowly walked out of a room, and then slowly walked towards the Xuanjia Sect's shop.

Zhao Hai looked at the man and couldn't help but sigh softly. Then he moved and landed directly in front of the man. Before the man could speak, he stretched out his hand and stopped him. , and then Zhao Hai carried the man back to the yard of Lanka's house and went directly to the backyard.

When he arrived at Shizhang in the backyard, Zhao Hai used a soundproofing technique in front of that person to completely isolate the room from the outside world. Then he removed the restrictions on the person, and then he looked at the person. He said in a deep voice: "I knew that someone would become a disciple, but I didn't expect that it would be you. Tell me, why did you do this?" Of course Zhao Hai knew this person. This person is from the small town. There was an old man in there, he was an old casual cultivator, and he had no children in his life. He also had a wife before, but his wife was not in good health and later passed away. Zhao Hai usually took good care of him, but Unexpectedly, this person would turn out to be their traitor.

The man looked at Zhao Hai with a vicious look on his face and said in a deep voice: "You want to know why? It's actually very simple. You killed my son and I want to avenge my son, so I gave him People from the Xuanjia Sect delivered the letter, hahahaha, you must have never imagined that the thing you were so proud of before was killing Xiaozhi who worked in the Xuanming Armor Shop, but you wouldn’t know that Xiaozhi is my son, He died because of you, so I will naturally take revenge on you."

Zhao Hai looked at the man and said with some confusion: "Xiao Zhi is your son? No, how can I remember that Xiao Zhi has a father and a mother, but his parents died relatively early, how could he Will he be your son?" Zhao Hai knows Xiaozhi's life experience. Xiaozhi's parents passed away very early. He grew up eating hundreds of meals, how could he be his son now?

The man looked at Zhao Hai and sneered: "Now, there is nothing that can't be said. Xiaozhi is my son. I had a good relationship with his mother back then. Later, his mother got pregnant, and that guy thought it was him. My son, but I didn’t know that Xiaozhi was my son at all, but I didn’t expect that both of them died later. I originally wanted to take Xiaozhi into our home and raise him, but if I really did that If so, then I wouldn't be able to stay in the town, so I could only take care of Xiaozhi secretly. You don't know how happy I was when he entered the Xuanming Armor Shop, but he died. And it's like dying in your hands. How can I swallow this breath? I have been looking for opportunities to retaliate against you. Finally, the opportunity came. People from Xuanjia Sect came to me. They said they would let me help. They are dealing with you, and they promised that as long as I help them deal with you, they will give me pills to cure my hidden wounds and improve our strength. What a great opportunity this is, to have such an opportunity. , my strength will improve, my life will be longer, and I will have my own son by then. Wouldn’t it be better? But I didn’t expect that you would guard against this move of mine? But it doesn’t matter, Xuan The people of Jia Zong have already targeted you. You are dead. Even if you leave the town, you will not be able to appear anywhere else. Because you are dead, and the people of Xuan Jia Zong will not let you go. It’s yours.”

Zhao Hai looked at him and sneered: "I really don't know whether to call you naive or stupid. They are obviously taking advantage of you. Do you think they will really let you join Xuanjia Sect? Don't be naive Well, in the eyes of those sect disciples, you are nothing. You are nothing. And do you really think that the entire Xuanjia Sect is dealing with us? It’s impossible. A sect like Jiazong will look at it. Do you want to fall in love with a small force like us? Don't be naive, that's just the private actions of a few Xuanjia Sect disciples, and their actions are just for profit. Once they find out and deal with us, they will be The original interests have disappeared, and they will no longer be dealing with us, but you. No matter whether we live or die, you must not survive. You are really naive."

The man looked at Zhao Hai with a dull look on his face, but it was soon replaced by viciousness. He said in a deep voice: "Don't be proud, they will definitely not let you go, they will definitely not, even if I die, I will I will also pull you to be my backers." His look was very scary, but Zhao Hai didn't care at all. He had seen even scarier looks than him, so what's this?

Zhao Hai looked at the man and sneered: "No matter what, you can't see it anymore, and judging from what you just said, it seems that you are not the only one who has been contacted by Xuanjia Sect and other sects. Then there must be others who have joined them, hahahaha, this will be better, I can deal with all the people who colluded with them, so that no one will betray the Gujian Gang in the future, so I still Thank you, you can go and die." After saying that, Zhao Hai moved his hand and put a finger on his head. The man fell to the ground and died unexpectedly, but there were no scars on his body. can not see.

Zhao Hai was sure that when this guy was young, he must not have been a good person, otherwise he would not have such thoughts, so he directly took off his space equipment and then disposed of his body. , then Zhao Hai sat there, lost in thought.

He had not lied to that person before. If Xuanjia Sect found him, he would be able to find someone else. If the four major sects gave those people some promises, then someone might really betray him. If someone really betrayed him, , then they don’t need to contact Xuanjia Sect or other sects among the four sects at this time, but leave with them, wait until they arrive at their base, and then send a message to the four sects station to arrive At that time, people from the four sects could easily find their location, but it would be even more troublesome. It seems that they should pay more attention in the future.

Zhao Hai can now be sure that the people of the four sects do not know the news that they are going to evacuate, so their evacuation plan tomorrow does not need to change. However, Zhao Hai is really a little shy about this matter. The sects want to It is really too easy to win over a casual cultivator, so it is really too easy for a sect disciple to deal with a gang of casual cultivators. There is no casual cultivator who does not want to join the sect, as long as the person from that sect promises to let If he joins the sect or gives him some other benefits, then he will definitely betray the gang. Who makes the casual cultivators too poor! There are too few training supplies! This is also something that can't be helped.

Zhao Hai is also impatient, but he has no way to change this situation now. The situation here in Wanshan Realm is different. Although they are very strong, there are Shadow Clan here in Wanshan Realm, and they may also be able to keep up with the upper world. With such connections, if he really ignored it and attacked Wanshan Realm directly, their losses would definitely be huge. He didn't want this, so he could only take it step by step.

If you want to take things slowly step by step, you have to pay some price. This is something that cannot be helped and no one can change it.