c7870 kill

The one who called Zhao Hai was naturally Chu Yang. Seven days had passed since Zhao Hai met Chu Yang. During these seven days, Chu Yang had been paying attention to Gongsun Jing's whereabouts. Now he could finally determine Gongsun Jing's whereabouts. Jing's whereabouts were known, so he came to report to Zhao Hai, but he didn't expect that he didn't see Zhao Hai when he got here. He immediately sent a letter to Zhao Hai. As soon as the letter was sent, he saw a figure on the big tree next to him. In a flash, a person retreated from the big tree. He was startled, and when he looked closely, the person who retreated was none other than Zhao Hai.

Chu Yang quickly saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Meet the sect master." Chu Yang was not surprised that a person could withdraw from the big tree, but the tree was not hurt at all. Now in the sect, Many plant masters can do this, so they were not surprised, but immediately saluted Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Chu Yang and said with a smile: "Okay, don't be so polite, it's my fault too, because I haven't communicated with these big trees for a while, and this communication actually forgot the time. Speaking of which, These big trees also have thoughts, but their thinking speed is too slow. Forget it, let’s not talk about this, how are you doing there?”

Chu Yang immediately said: "Sect Master, I have mastered Gongsun Jing's whereabouts. In recent years, Gongsun Jing has not been attacked, so he no longer has any vigilance. Now his whereabouts are actually easy to grasp." Yes, I went through Zai San’s confirmation and made sure there would be no mistakes before I reported to the sect. Gongsun Chu would sleep until noon every day before getting up. After eating, he would deal with some gang issues. Things, in the evening, he would have a meal with some of the gang leaders and talk about some things. At the time of Xu, he would go to the Wanhua Building in the city to have fun, and he would not return to the gang until midnight. He usually doesn't stay out late, but he will come back to the gang every night. After returning to the gang, he will go back to the back house to rest. But I heard a rumor that he comes back to the gang every day. He goes to the back house to practice. I heard that his practice method is a bit special. The reason why he goes to Wanhua Tower is to let out the yang energy that has skyrocketed in his body due to practice. Otherwise, he will easily go crazy. But after childbirth, he usually stays in the back house and doesn't come out, and usually doesn't get up until noon the next day. His daily sitting and resting time is almost all like this."

After hearing what Chu Yang said, Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, it's good to know this. You can go back. I will deal with that Gongsun Jing last night. You have to be prepared. If anything happens, remember Let me know and go." Chu Yang responded, then saluted Zhao Hai, then turned and left.

After Chu Yang left, Zhao Hai thought about his action plan for tomorrow. He knew that this Gongsun Jing was different from ordinary casual cultivators. He should have Dharma appearance, but the strength he showed to the outside now did not have Dharma appearance. If he used Dharma when dealing with Gongsun Jing, it would expose himself, so he still had to use some methods.

When he thought of this, he immediately thought, and then he took out some Lingshu grass at once, and then took out some other herbs, refined them together, and made a lot of Lingshu grass. , Zhao Hai now discovered that this Lingxu grass seems to be a very suitable herb for making plans, and it is very useful.

After doing this, Zhao Hai went to the big tree to rest for a while, but this time he did not indulge in it. He always remembered the time. Soon, the next day's midnight came, and Zhao Hai walked out of the big tree. Withdrew from inside, he paid attention and found that Chu Yang did not send him a letter, which meant that Gongsun Jing did not change his whereabouts, so Zhao Hai felt relieved. As soon as he moved, he went directly to Dingfeng. The city rushed over, and Zhao Hai also put on the clothes of Hell Gate.

When Zhao Hai arrived in the city, although there was still one person active in Dingfeng City, there were very few people. Zhao Hai went directly to the headquarters of the Iron Arm Gang, which is the largest gang in Dingfeng City. Gang, the headquarters of his gang also covers a large area, and it is very tightly guarded with one post every three steps and one sentry every five steps.

However, this did not trouble Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai slowly moved toward the core of the Iron Arm Gang. He had already known where Gongsun Jing lived from the information the old man gave him, so he moved along the way and It didn't take long and we soon arrived at the core area of ​​the Iron Arm Sect.

When he finally reached the outside of Gongsun Jing's yard, he stopped. There were two people standing guard outside the gate of Gongsun Jing's yard, and around his house, there were two teams of people from the Iron Arm Gang, who were patrolling from time to time. patrolling back and forth, but this was not a problem for Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai hid in the dark, closed his eyes, and felt the situation in the yard.

There is no one else in this courtyard. It seems very empty and there are no lights. It is very dark. Fortunately, the moonlight is good today. You can see almost everything around you. There are five houses in this courtyard. Among these five houses , only one person was active, and that person seemed to be practicing a yang-type skill. The yang energy on his body was very deep. Zhao Hai could clearly feel him. Zhao Hai knew that he would not make a mistake. The person in this courtyard should be Gongsun Jing.

Zhao Hai moved his hand, and a handful of Lingshu grass appeared in his hand. Then he waved his hand, and the Lingshu grass flew directly to the yard. After entering the yard, the Lingshu grass looked like As if being attracted by something, it floated straight into a room. Soon the handful of Lingshu grass entered the room, and finally penetrated into the body of the person.

After the Lingshu Grass submerged into the body of the good man, the man seemed to feel something. He immediately jumped up, glanced around, then moved his body, and rushed out of the room, and then He immediately shouted: "Who is it, come out." It seemed that his senses were still very keen. Although it was Lingshu grass that entered his body and his own spiritual energy was not very sufficient, he still felt it. , that’s why his reaction was so big.

However, there was no need for Zhao Hai to hide anymore, so he moved and jumped directly onto the wall of the courtyard, and then said in a deep voice: "The heart can go to heaven, the heart can go to hell. There is no way for misfortunes and blessings, only people can do it themselves." Recruit!" After reading these four lines of poetry, Zhao Hai stopped speaking and looked at Gongsun Jing with a calm expression.

When Gongsun Jing heard Zhao Hai uttered these four lines of poetry, his expression changed slightly, and then he snorted coldly: "People from the Hell Gate, a certain family has not offended you, why did you come to the door?" Gongsun Jing actually had no idea about Hell. He was not surprised that the doorman would come to him, but he still said this because he knew very well that even if he had done something, he would never admit it, so he said this.

Zhao Hai looked at Gongsun Jing and said in a deep voice: "No need to waste words, let's see the moves." After saying that, he moved and punched Gongsun Jing. He could already hear the shouts of the disciples of the Iron Arm Gang around him. , so he had to resolve this matter as soon as possible, so he moved down and hit Gongsun Jing directly.

When Gongsun Jing saw Zhao Hai's move, he couldn't help but snorted coldly, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, it seems that there is really no one at the Hell Gate. A kid who doesn't even have a Dharma image dares to stretch his claws against me. It's really I don't know whether to live or die." After saying that, he moved his hand and punched Zhao Hai.

But when Gongsun Jing punched out, he felt that all the power was suddenly released, and he found that his Dharma form could not be released, which surprised him. Right here At this time, Zhao Hai's fist had already arrived. Zhao Hai's fist hit Gongsun Jing's outstretched fist. A crunching sound was heard. One of Gongsun Jing's arms was completely disabled. At the same time, Gongsun Jing's arm was completely disabled. There was also a scream coming out.

At this time, the disciples of the Iron Arm Gang rushed into the courtyard. The reason why the two disciples in front of Gongsun Jingmen did not rush into the courtyard was because Zhao Hai jumped onto the courtyard wall. At that time, Ye Xushou gave each of the two disciples a piece of Lingshu grass, but he used the two Lingshu grass as flying needles and hit them directly on their acupuncture points. The person was fixed there, making it impossible for the two people to move.

And now those who rushed into the courtyard were the other disciples of the Iron Arm Gang. They also heard Gongsun Jing's shouts and the sound of Zhao Hai reciting poems, so they rushed over and arrived in the courtyard at this time. , but Zhao Hai didn't care about them. Instead, he stepped forward and bullied Gongsun Jing's left side. He grabbed Gongsun Jing's intact left hand, then shook his hand, and Gongsun Jing was shot again. There was a scream, because all the bones in his left hand were broken by Zhao Hai's blow. Then Zhao Hai moved his hand and grabbed Gongsun Jing's neck. Then with a movement of his hand, he Hearing a click, Gongsun Jing's neck was immediately broken by Zhao Hai.

Then Zhao Hai flashed, a dagger appeared in his hand, and he cut off Gongsun Jing's head. Gongsun Jing's body fell directly to the ground. He was already dead and could not die anymore. At this time, other people from the Iron Arm Gang rushed to Zhao Hai, and several magic weapons had already flown towards Zhao Hai first.

Zhao Hai was not in a hurry at all. He picked up Gongsun Jing's head with one movement. Then he dodged to the side and waved the dagger in his hand a few times before flying towards him. Several magic weapons were all blocked, and then he moved directly to the room in Gongsun Jing's courtyard.

At this time, Zhao Hai also noticed that Chu Yang and the others had also rushed over. Zhao Hai glanced at them and then coldly snorted: "I will teach you a lesson today. Remember, there are some people you cannot offend." After finishing Zhao Hai's hand, he threw the dagger in the direction of Chu Yang and the others. Because Chu Yang and the others were not far away from him, the dagger moved very quickly, like a bolt of lightning, straight towards the person in front of Chu Yang. The tall monk shot at him. The monk was very handsome, so it was reasonable for Zhao Hai to choose him as his target.

"Sir, be careful!" Of course Chu Yang knew how to cooperate. He pushed the man aside, but he was stabbed by the dagger and fell down screaming. At this time, Zhao Hai But with a movement of his body, the whole person actually collapsed the roof and fell into the room. By the time the Iron Arm Gang entered the room, Zhao Hai had long disappeared.