c7878 leave

The reason why Zhao Hai said these words today is actually to unify the thoughts of these people. He just wants to let these people understand that those disciples of the sect are not invincible. As long as they have such an idea, In the future, we will slowly find opportunities to deal with those sects. Gradually, the respect these people have for the disciples of those sects will be completely revealed. In the future, there will be no problems in letting them fight against those sects.

He will develop the Ancient Sword Gang in the future, and he wants to make everyone in the Ancient Sword Gang think this way, so that gradually they will no longer be afraid of those sect disciples, and wait until the Blood Killing Sect really comes to recruit them in the future. At that time, they would not directly betray the Blood Killing Sect for the sake of some small favor from those sects.

Of course, what Zhao Hai said is all true. In a small place like Linyuan Town, those sects will never take a direct look at it. Those who really control this place are all the disciples of the sect who are not good at it. It is because of this that Zhao Hai wants to deal with them. This is actually very normal.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai wants to deal with them. This is also an opportunity for him, an opportunity for these people to change their views on those sect disciples. For casual cultivators like Linyuan Town, the sect The disciples were too far away from their strength. In their eyes, those sect disciples were like the clouds in the sky. They were always aloof and incompetent. What Zhao Hai did was to destroy those sect disciples. , he was pulled directly to the ground, letting these people understand that those sect disciples were just monks, essentially the same as them.

Seeing that everyone was deep in thought, Zhao Hai then continued to speak: "That's all I have to say. This time we fight against the four sects, we must unite. As long as we win this time, then we will be sure in the future." It will be easier, otherwise, we really don’t need to exist. It’s up to you how you choose. Tonight, I will be waiting for you here. We will set off on time on the third watch. If we don’t Those who come here mean that they don’t want to deal with those sects with us, so there’s nothing more to say. From today on, everyone will stay on the same page. You go your way, and I’ll go mine. Dumuqiao, if you arrive on time tonight, then you will be a member of our Gujian Gang. That’s all I have to say. It’s up to you all to choose.” After saying this, Zhao Hai left the canteen directly, but the canteen was They fell into a dead silence, no one spoke, and no one ate, so everyone was thinking about Zhao Hai's words.

At this time, suddenly there was a sound of eating in the canteen. Everyone followed the sound and found that it was Lanka. However, Lanka ignored them and ate by himself. Everyone looked at Lanka's eyes. It was very complicated. In the end, I don’t know who picked up the bowl first and started eating. Finally, everyone in the canteen picked up the bowl and started eating, and their eyes became more and more determined.

Zhao Hai has been paying attention to those people. Although he has left, his mental power has been paying attention to those people. When he saw those people starting to eat, Zhao Hai knew that those people already had a choice. , he smiled slightly, left without saying anything.

Time passed little by little, and the Gujian Gang was still so peaceful that day, and everything seemed very normal. When it came to dinner in the evening, everything was still so normal, and no one showed any abnormal behavior. After the meal, everyone went back to their homes to rest, but Zhao Hai didn't sleep. He followed Lanka and sat in the cafeteria. The other children also gathered together and sat in the cafeteria. .

Until the third watch, people began to slowly come to the yard. They all came in over the wall. No one made a sound. Everyone quietly gathered in the canteen. After arriving in the canteen, they all rushed towards Zhao Haixing. He bowed and then sat down.

Zhao Hai also nodded to them. After a while, everyone arrived. When Zhao Hai saw that everyone had arrived, no one was absent, he couldn't help but smile on his face, and then he stood up. , glanced at everyone and said: "Take care of the children, everyone, follow me." He didn't say anything else, just such a simple sentence, everyone stood up and responded in a low voice, seemingly It was very solemn, as if they were not going to escape, but to complete an always glorious mission.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then led everyone straight to the woodshed. When they arrived at the woodshed, Zhao Hai pinched a magic formula in his hand and hit it directly on the ground. A hole immediately appeared on the ground. This hole was Slanting downward, Zhao Hai then said to everyone: "Everyone, go down and keep moving forward." Everyone nodded, and then walked towards the entrance of the cave one by one.

The hole was very small at first, but gradually became larger. When they finally felt that the ground was completely flat and not tilted at all, they found that it had become a very long, wide, and very high hole. No one knows how long this tunnel is, but the width of this tunnel is about one foot and five feet, and the height is about two feet. When everyone walks in it, they feel very spacious. There is no feeling of stuffiness either.

After everyone entered the tunnel, Zhao Hai entered the tunnel. After entering the tunnel, he directly used magic skills to restore the entrance of the tunnel to its original appearance. At the same time, he walked forward using magic skills. The tunnel completely disappeared, that is to say, they were walking in front, but the tunnel slowly disappeared behind them. Although everyone was a little surprised, they didn't say anything. Everyone just kept quiet. Go forward.

This tunnel is only more than ten miles long. Soon everyone has arrived at the exit of the tunnel, but there is no exit there. Zhao Hai directly throws a spell at it, and then an exit appears. Everyone walks out directly from the exit. , Zhao Hai also walked out, and at the same time, the authentic mountain pass disappeared.

Then Zhao Hai glanced at the sky, discerned the direction, and then led everyone forward, paying attention to the situation around him as he walked forward. He kept walking like this for about an hour, and then he asked everyone to stop. After everyone ate, the children couldn't hold it any longer. When these children were growing up, they all looked very tired. Due to their sleepiness, Zhao Hai did not bother them and simply let them rest where they were and waited until dawn.

It was less than two hours before dawn. Everyone slept for a while, and it was already dawn. After dawn, Zhao Hai called everyone up and continued to move forward. Among them, Zhao Hai was the hardest worker. Yes, he not only has to lead everyone forward, but also cleans up the traces of everyone's walk, so that no traces will be left where they have walked.

And just as Zhao Hai and the others were walking forward, the people in Linyuan Town also discovered something was wrong, especially Old Liu Tou. He was old and got up very early. He would wake up after a while every day. Hearing the sound of practicing martial arts coming from the yard of Lanka's house, he sat there for a long time today, but he always felt that something was missing. When he listened carefully, he realized that he There was no sound of practicing, not just the sound of practicing. The whole town was eerily quiet, without any sound.

Old Liu Tou couldn't help but was stunned. He knew that Zhao Hai would not be able to serve in the district. He also knew that Zhao Hai might take action, but he never thought that Zhao Hai seemed to have left with everyone. , which surprised him greatly. He immediately arrived at the yard of Lanka's house, but found that although the door of the yard was closed, there was no sound at all inside. He jumped directly into the yard and found that there was indeed There is no one.

When he arrived at the backyard and saw that everything in the backyard had been taken away and nothing was left, he couldn't help but be convinced of his idea. Zhao Hai actually took everyone in the town and left. This discovery shocked him. His expression changed several times, but in the end he could only return to his shop impatiently.

He wanted Zhao Hai to save Lanka's life, but he never thought that Zhao Hai would take Lanka away. This was something he never expected. Now all he can think about is how to ask Lanka His mother confessed that Lanka disappeared, but he didn’t know where Lanka went. This really made him don’t know what to do.

At this time, other people in the town also discovered this. In the past, when Hu Zhi and the others went to collect medicine, although there were not many people in the town, there were still people active, but today there was no one to see them. This made everyone in the town feel strange. Not long after Old Liu finished sending the letter, he saw a man in his forties with a sick face walking into his shop. Old Liu Liu Tou knew him. This man was the owner of a shop in the small town. The two of them had regular contact, but not much. Old Liu Tou really didn't expect that he would come to his place today.

Old Liu Tou immediately went up to him, hugged the man and said, "Xiao Yao, why do you have time to come here today? But what's the matter?" Old Liu Tou had already guessed his origin, but he didn't He knew how to speak out, so he just greeted the person as if he didn't know anything.

Xiao Yao saluted Old Liu and said, "Uncle Liu, I don't have anything to do. I just didn't see anyone from the Gu Jian Gang today, so I'm a little strange. Come and have a look. Uncle Liu, have you seen Gu Jian Gang?" Are you from the Jian Gang?" Xiao Yao also knew that Old Liu Tou was just perfunctory with him, so he didn't hesitate and went straight to the point.

Old Liu Tou glanced at Xiao Yao, then sighed softly and said: "You also discovered it. I thought I was the only one who discovered it. In fact, I didn't see anyone from the Gujian Gang today. They were more or less aware of it before." There was a little movement, but today, there was no movement at all, and I was still feeling strange." Old Liu Tou did not say that he had already been to Lanka's yard, but replied like this.