c7877 analyze

Early the next morning, when those people arrived in the yard of Lanka's house and had dinner together, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone before eating, and then said: "Yu Ren was killed by me last night. The reason why I Kill him because he wanted to report to the people of Xuanjia Sect last night. ."

When they heard what Zhao Hai said, everyone was stunned, and then they all started discussing. To be honest, they all didn't believe what Zhao Hai said, because they all knew Yu Ren, and they didn't believe that Yu Ren would betray them. , so everyone looked at Zhao Hai with a strange expression while discussing.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "I know everyone doesn't believe it, but Yu Ren doesn't have any grudge against me. I don't have to deal with him specifically, right? Also, everyone, let's take a look at this." After saying that, Zhao Hai took out a jade slip, and then input a trace of spiritual energy into the jade slip. Then a projection immediately appeared on the jade slip, but on this projection, there was only Yu Ren, but there was Zhao Hai. sound.

Listening to the conversation between Zhao Hai and Yu Ren, everyone was silent. They did not expect that things would be like this. Yu Ren turned out to be Xiaozhi's biological father. Speaking of which, he betrayed the Ancient Sword Gang, that is, It was a very normal thing. Everyone was quiet for a while, and no one said anything.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said: "I think everyone understands it now, so I won't talk about this matter anymore. What we are going to talk about next is another matter, that is, the four sects Through Yu Ren's incident, I think everyone should also know another thing, that is, various sects may have started to monitor us, and may have even contacted you, and may have given you some promises. For example, give everyone some elixirs, or ask everyone to join various sects. People from those sects can give out such promises casually, and they are also very attractive. Am I right? "While Zhao Hai was talking, he looked at those people. He wanted to see what kind of reaction those people would have.

Sure enough, among those people, some people's eyes were wandering and they did not dare to look at him, but Zhao Hai pretended not to see it. He then said: "These conditions will make us very tempted, but I can What is certain is that those people from the sect will not really give you such conditions."

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai stopped once, and then he said: "No matter what kind of promises those disciples of the sect have made to everyone, they are afraid that they will not really fulfill them. Maybe they will give them first You have some benefits, such as elixirs or magic weapons, to stabilize you so that you can deal with all of us, but I can be sure that they will never really treat you as theirs, and once Once this matter is done, I'm afraid they won't be polite, and they won't feel any burden in dealing with us people."

Everyone looked at Zhao Hai blankly. They didn't know why Zhao Hai was so sure. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and then said: "Everyone must be wondering why I said this, so I won't be polite. Let me tell you carefully, first of all, although the people who want to deal with us this time are from the four sects, it is not the four sects that want to deal with us, but a few disciples from the four sects. I have said before We have already understood that although the shops opened in our Jianyuan Town belong to the Four Sects, the ones who actually control these shops are just a few disciples of the Four Sects. The reason why they open shops here is to pass We buy the medicinal materials in our hands at low prices, and then deliver them to their sects to earn the difference. It can be said that those four stores are just tools used by those sect disciples to make money. In fact, they are similar to the four sects. It doesn't matter, and the store managers who control those four stores are just some people under those disciples. They will only listen to those four disciples, not the four sects. In fact, the four The sect will not take care of such a few ordinary shops."

Everyone listened to Zhao Hai's words quietly, and they nodded unconsciously. In fact, they were very clear about the situation of the four stores. They also knew what Zhao Hai said, so they did not think that Zhao Hai Hai was lying, but they also felt strange at the same time and didn't understand what Zhao Hai wanted to say.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said: "If it is really the four sects that want to deal with us, then we have absolutely no ability to fight back, because that is beyond what we can contend with, that is, if just a few disciples want to fight us To deal with us, then we can fight against it. The promises made by those sects to everyone are nothing to a sect, but to a disciple, it is a big deal, regardless of Whether it is elixirs or magic weapons, even sect disciples cannot take them out casually, and as long as they deal with us and take care of us, those who help them will not have any It’s useful. It’s normal for them to kill the people who helped them and then take the things back. It can be said that they are doing a business without capital.”

"We are casual cultivators. When we confront those sects, we are always at an absolute disadvantage. However, those sects will not send people out for no reason and kill us all directly. Because there are orders issued by large sects not to kill casual cultivators at will, but it is really hard to say how effective this order is. Do you think other casual cultivators will fight against us for our sake? Are those sects resisting? It's obviously impossible, so they don't have any psychological burden if they want to deal with us."

"In this case, how can we fight against those big sects? I think there are two main points. First, unity. We must be united. Only when we are united will we have stronger power and be able to fight with them. Confrontation, otherwise, it is absolutely impossible. Second, it is profit. Our Ancient Sword Gang is developing very well now. If we go to collect medicine together, we can collect more medicine, and when we sell these medicines to those sects , but there is no increase in price. In fact, they can still earn a lot. Why do they still come to deal with us? Because they are greedy and they want more. In their opinion, we can collect more medicine, so As long as they control us, we can collect more medicine for them, and as long as they control us, they don't have to pay us anymore, then they will save a lot of money. Isn't this the reason why they deal with us? ?" When Zhao Hai said this, he paused and looked at everyone's expressions.

Everyone listened to his words quietly. To be honest, they were really surprised by Zhao Hai's words, but at the same time, they also felt that what Zhao Hai said was very reasonable. Zhao Hai did not lie. Those sect members Disciples are indeed very greedy. The more they get, the more greedy they become, and they want more.

Zhao Hai looked calm, and then said: "In their eyes, we are just small chess pieces that can be sacrificed at any time, and are not worthy of their attention at all. In this case, we How to use benefits to fight them? That is to let them see that if they leave us, then they will get nothing. They will not get the current benefits, let alone get more benefits. .”

Everyone was a little stunned by Zhao Hai and looked at him with some confusion. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "The prices of medicinal materials in those four shops are higher than those in other small towns. The store is about two floors cheaper, and we have not raised the price. Ordinarily they should be satisfied, but in fact they are not satisfied. They want more, and those who want more may not be the disciples of the sect, but The people from those four shops just want to borrow the swords of the sect disciples to kill us. This is very possible. Of course, it is also possible that the sect disciples want to deal with us. It seems that we have nothing to fight back. There is no room for it, but that is not the case, we have the ability to fight back."

"Those sect disciples want to deal with us for profit. They cannot control too many stores because there are too many sect disciples. In a place like Linyuan Town, there is not much profit at all. There are only some sects Here, only disciples who have no influence will want the benefits here, and such disciples must not have strong influence in their sect. If we suddenly leave Linyuan Town and let those disciples want to deal with us, There is no place to find people, so they will suddenly find that the benefits they could have obtained are gone and have disappeared. They can’t get anything. In this case, what will they think? They may I am angry with us, but most of all I am angry with the shopkeepers, because if it were not for the instigation of those shopkeepers, they would not deal with us. After all, there are many benefits in this shop, and it is only good for them. There is no harm, now they can’t get any benefits, and for them, there is no benefit at all.”

"That's what I mean. Let's hide. Don't do business with these four shops now. We should all leave Linyuan Town. At this time, the people in those four shops will panic, and we will be dealing with them then. If we talk about rebellion, then we will be the one taking the initiative, and we will get more benefits, and our safety will also be guaranteed, what do you think?"

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they fully understood what Zhao Hai meant. They had thought that Zhao Hai was going to have a head-on conflict with those sect disciples. In that case, they would be most worried, because if he really had a confrontation with those sect disciples, If the sect disciples had a head-on conflict, it would be impossible for them to win. But if Zhao Hai didn't want to have a head-on conflict with those sect disciples, but just wanted to force them to make concessions and negotiate, then there would be no problem.

And for these casual cultivators, this matter is actually what they long for in their hearts. They have been looked down upon by the sect disciples all their lives. If they can use this opportunity, they can directly defeat those sect disciples. If so, for them, it is definitely something they can be proud of for the rest of their lives.