c7871 award

With a flash of white light, Zhao Hai appeared in the cave. A ghost soldier in the cave immediately spotted Zhao Hai. He immediately shouted: "Who?" After saying that, he even pretended to attack. , but when he saw the clothes on Zhao Hai's body and the mask on Zhao Hai's face, the ghost soldier was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said, "I have met you, sir." Zhao Hai is a ghost. Worse, his status is higher than his, so that person is so polite to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Take me to the Infinite Hell, I have to hand in a mission." When the ghost soldier heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately agreed, and then led Zhao Hai directly to the Infinite Hell. We walked in the direction and soon we were outside the main hall of Infinite Hell.

When they arrived outside the main hall, the disciple immediately said loudly to the main hall: "Ghost Shadow, come to hand over the task, please give me your permission." Ghost soldiers like them are usually here to receive, so they are not in any danger , but you need to be very familiar with various reception tasks.

"Let him come in." The hoarse voice of King Pingping came again and again, and Zhao Hai entered the main hall. When he reached the middle of the hall, Zhao Hai saluted King Pingping, and then said in a deep voice: "Shadow, pay homage to His Highness King Ping. The mission has been completed. Please verify it."

King Ping Ping looked at Zhao Hai. He had not received any reward from Zhao Hai for completing the task, so he said in a deep voice: "Do you have a certificate?" There was no way, there was no reward, so he could only ask Zhao Hai for a certificate. He I also know that there are many times when people like Zhao Hai, after completing their mission, as long as they have the opportunity, they will immediately use the magic circle in the token to return to the cave instead of going to the contact point, so The contact point would get the news later than them, and precisely because of this, he had to ask Zhao Hai for proof before he could be sure that he had completed the task.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Gongsun Jing's head is here, please verify it, Your Highness." After Zhao Hai moved his hand, Gongsun Jing's head appeared in his hand. At this time, a ghost soldier came forward with a tray in his hand. Zhao Hai put Gong Lujing's head into the ghost soldier's tray and stood there without talking.

The ghost soldier took the tray and sent it to King Ping Ping. King Ping Ping picked up the head and looked at it, then nodded and said: "It is indeed Gongsun Jing. Okay, this time your mission is completed, and it is completed very well." Okay, come on, bring up the reward." A ghost soldier responded, and then he retreated. After a while, he came to Zhao Hai with a space bag and gave the space bag to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai took the space bag and saluted King Ping: "Thank you, Your Highness." He did not look at the contents of the space bag. He believed that Hell Gate would not lie to him. If it was so big, If a force didn't even have this bit of credibility, then they would probably have become corrupt a long time ago.

King Pingping nodded, then he glanced at Zhao Hai and said solemnly: "Okay, go down, you have seven days to rest, and after seven days, come back and obey the order." Zhao Hai responded, then exited the hall, and arrived After going outside, we went directly to the teleportation array, and then directly to Linyuan Town.

He did this not only to come back to see Lanka and the others, but more importantly to reassure the people at Hell Gate. He wanted to make the people at Hell Gate think that he didn't care about any other place except Linyuan Town. In this way Hell Gate will be more at ease with him. After all, if the people in Hell Gate know where the things he cares about are there, they can better control him.

After Zhao Hai left the hall, King Pingping immediately said to a ghost soldier next to him: "Go, write a letter to the people in Fengcheng and ask them how Ying got rid of Gongsun Jing. I want details. The process." A ghost soldier responded, and then retreated directly.

After a while, the ghost soldier returned to the main hall and said to King Ping Ping: "Report, Your Highness, the people in Dingfeng City said that after Ying arrived in Dingfeng City, he just took away the information they prepared for Ying, and then disappeared. , seven days later, Ying suddenly appeared at the headquarters of the Iron Arm Gang, and went directly to Gongsun Jing's yard. Then he used some method to alert Gongsun Jing. When Gongsun Jing rushed out of the room, Ying directly He recited a poem about retribution, and then directly killed Gongsun Jing. But what was strange was that Gongsun Jing didn't even take any of Ying's moves, nor did he use the method. Ying killed Gongsun Jing very easily. , then cut off Gongsun Jing’s head, and then jumped onto Gongsun Jing’s roof. Then he broke through the roof and entered Gongsun Jing’s room. When the Iron Arm Gang entered the room, Ying It has disappeared. Ying's action this time can be said to be very clean and neat, killing him with one strike. The only strange thing is Gongsun Jing's reaction. Gongsun Jing's strength seems to be much worse than the intelligence we got."

King Pingping thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "That's all, let's go down." The ghost soldier responded and retreated, but King Pingping was still sitting there. After a while, he murmured: "It looks like He is a body cultivator, but is he actually a master of poison? If that is the case, then it is not a bad thing." After saying this, there was no sound.

But Zhao Hai had already returned to Linyuan City at this time. As soon as he returned to Linyuan City, he noticed that all the people in Linyuan City seemed to be back. Zhao Hai couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief, but now It was night, and there were no people active in the town. After Zhao Hai appeared in the backyard of Ke Lai Xuan, he said goodbye to the shopkeeper, then went directly back to Lanka's yard, entered Lanka's room, and took a look at the man who was sleeping soundly. Only then did Lanka lie down on the big bed in the outer room, fully clothed.

Early the next morning, Zhao Hai still got up early, but when he got up, Lanka also got up. When Ranka saw Zhao Hai standing there and looking at him with a smile, he couldn't help but scream with excitement. He yelled and immediately rushed towards Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai picked him up and laughed along with him.

After a while, Ranka hugged Zhao Hai and said, "Master, when will you come back?" Ranka really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would come back so soon. He thought that Zhao Hai would have to wait for a while before coming back. Well, he didn't expect to come back so soon, which made him very happy.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "I came back last night. I saw that you were sleeping soundly, so I didn't call you. Go ahead and wash up first, and then go to do your morning classes." Lanka responded and immediately ran to wash up. Went there, and then went to do morning classes. Zhao Hai also came outside and watched Lanka doing morning classes. All the other children also came out and saw Zhao Hai, and they all looked very happy.

Xiaojiu was originally here to supervise the children doing their morning lessons, but he didn't expect that he saw Zhao Hai. He couldn't help but be startled, and then he immediately walked to Zhao Hai and said to Zhao Hai: "Brother Ying, are you back? When did you come back?" Although Zhao Hai joined the Ancient Sword Gang later, his strength is there, and he is now an official member of the Hell Sect, so Xiao Jiu respects Zhao Hai very much.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "I came back last night. Because it was too late, I didn't bother you. Okay, let's watch the children do their morning lessons. We'll talk later." Xiaojiu responded and disappeared. What did he tell Zhao Hai? He was not a talkative person and was very serious about his work. Otherwise, he would not have been left by Hu Zhi to take care of the children.

At this time, Zhao Hai took out a space bag and looked at the contents of the space bag. When he saw the contents of the space bag, he couldn't help but be stunned, because there were not many things in the space bag, only four things. , a jade slip, a bottle of elixir, a magic weapon, and finally a pile of spiritual stones, which seemed to cost about a thousand yuan.

Zhao Hai took out the jade slip and looked at it, and found that it was a jade slip of exercises. In this jade slip of exercises, there was a kind of physical cultivation technique. Zhao Hai took a look and found that this physical cultivation technique was It still looks good. Although it is not a top physical training technique, if he is really as powerful as he shows, then this technique is really suitable for him.

The most important thing is that this skill also has a way to condense the Dharma. This makes Zhao Hai very happy. The strength he has shown now is that he can condense the Dharma. However, because there is no method to condense the Dharma, so He has never been able to condense the appearance of the Dharma. Now that he has this technique, he can condense the appearance of the Dharma without arousing people's suspicion.

However, the Dharma form condensed by this skill is a gibbon, which gives Zhao Hai a headache. It seems that he must change the external appearance of his Dharma form. Of course, he can also create a fake Dharma form. , this is not a difficult thing for him.

After putting down the jade slip, Zhao Hai took out the bottle of elixir and looked at it, and found that it was a bottle of elixir that could increase the skill. Such elixirs are very rare for casual cultivators. Now they are on the market. The elixirs you can buy online are all medicines for injuries, internal injuries, external injuries, and detoxification. They are all such elixirs. There are no elixirs that increase your power. Like this elixir that increases your power, Usually only those disciples of the sect have it, and casual cultivators cannot get it.

Zhao Hai looked at this bottle of elixir with a smile on his face. Of course he didn't need this thing, but he couldn't show it, and he could just use these few days to further improve his strength. , so that no one will doubt it.

Then Zhao Hai took out the magic weapon again. This magic weapon was quite special, but it was an arm guard. The arm guard was made of metal, and the whole body was black. There were tigers on both arm guards. The pattern looked very beautiful. Zhao Hai put it directly on his forearm. It felt very comfortable. This made Zhao Hai very satisfied. Zhao Hai did not take it off. He felt that this arm guard should be It was specially prepared for him, and it was indeed a good thing.

However, he also found two tracking circles in the armguard. It seems that the armguard is not only for him, but also for monitoring him. However, the armguard only has the ability to track. As for what he actually does The other party wouldn't know what it was, so Zhao Hai didn't care and just took it with him.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.