c7874 information

Zhao Hai sat in his room and looked at the jade slip in his hand. The content in the jade slip in his hand was actually very simple. It was the giant ape Dharma upgrade card he got before. The giant ape's Dharma has only reached the Three Talents Realm, and the giant ape's Dharma he obtained this time has already reached the Nine Palaces Realm. It seems that if he performs meritorious service next time, he may get the warrior's training method of this giant ape's Dharma. .

Zhao Hai looked calm. He knew that he had to complete another mission before he could really get what he wanted. Although he had countless skills now, he couldn't give them to Hu Zhi and the others for no reason. In that case It will only arouse people's suspicion, otherwise they will forget that Hu Zhi is also a member of Hell Gate now, and here in Linyuan Town, there are still Hell Gate halls such as Ke Laixuan and Yunlai Inn, but they have always paid attention to it. Considering the situation of the Ancient Sword Gang, Zhao Hai cannot act recklessly.

Zhao Hai has returned from the main hall of Hell Gate, and it is already the second day. Lanka is practicing outside, so he naturally has time to do his own things. Zhao Hai is really concerned about Hell Gate now. He is becoming more and more curious. He really wants to know how powerful this Hell Gate is now.

Until noon, after lunch, Zhao Hai asked Lanka to rest, but he walked out of the yard and went to Lao Liutou's grocery store. He had not been to Lao Liutou's grocery store for a long time. There, he just wanted to go there and sit there today.

The reason why Zhao Hai wanted to go to Lao Liutou's grocery store was that he felt that things were getting more and more interesting now. Hell Gate, the people behind Lao Liutou, and some kind of transcendent people, these forces, They all slowly appeared in his life, and he was even more curious now. He really wanted to know what these forces were all about.

When Old Liu Tou saw Zhao Hai, he couldn't help but be startled. Then he couldn't help but smile and said: "How rare, where have you been recently? How come the time to see you is getting less and less?" Old Liu Tou used to talk to Zhao Hai But he is very familiar with it, and the time he has seen Zhao Hai has become less and less recently. This makes Old Liu Tou feel very surprised. He does not believe the news that Zhao Hai is in retreat, even though Zhao Hai is in retreat. Hai has recently figured out the Dharma, but he still doesn't believe it.

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "It's nothing, I haven't had much to do recently. Sometimes I spend time in retreat, and sometimes I go out to do tasks. Lanka and their training are already on the right track, and they don't need me to watch them every day." , so I have time to do my own thing, how are you doing lately?" Zhao Hai has spent very little time in Linyuan Town recently, so he has no idea what Old Liu Tou has done recently. He knew very well that although he had reminded Hu Zhi and the others, Hu Zhi and the others were not capable of monitoring Old Liu Tou, so Zhao Hai did not know what Old Liu Tou had done recently.

When Old Liu Tou heard what Zhao Hai said, he smiled and said: "Okay, it's okay to do some tasks. The development of your Gujian Gang has been very good recently, and the big stores have been overwhelmed by you. , To be honest, I never thought that such a situation would happen, you guys did a really good job."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but raised his eyebrows slightly, then looked at Old Liu Tou and said: "What do you mean, Uncle Liu? You seem to have something in your words? Do you think those sects still want to deal with it?" Can't we make it?" Zhao Hai understood the meaning of Old Liu Tou's words in just one sentence, so he looked at Old Liu Tou intently.

Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai, smiled slightly and said: "This matter is actually not a secret. Those people from the sect are very greedy. They found that you can collect so many medicinal materials, so naturally there will be some They have other ideas, so whatever actions they take are normal, aren’t they?”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, his face couldn't help but change slightly. He thought for a while, and then said in a deep voice: "It seems that it is really a dead end. It seems that we have to make preparations early. They want There are two ways to force us to do what they want. One is to cut off our trading route, which they obviously can't do, because if we don't sell to them, we can still sell to others, and they won't accept it. At the mercy of others, this trick might have worked well for them in the past, but now, it definitely won’t work. If this trick doesn’t work, then they can only use another trick.”

At this point, Zhao Hai's eyes flashed coldly, and then he said in a deep voice: "They want to completely control us, and the best time to control us is when Brother Hu and the others go out to collect herbs, and then he takes the remaining Everyone in the town took control and threatened us to make us commit the crime. Although this trick seems despicable, it is actually the best way to use it."

At this point, Zhao Hai stopped and looked at Old Liu Tou. Old Liu Tou had a calm look on his face, as if he had no reaction to Zhao Hai's words. This made Zhao Hai more sure of his thoughts. He smiled slightly and said: "It seems that Uncle Liu is not easy for you. You can actually get such news. It seems that we will need more cooperation in the future."

Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai and said: "If you want to cooperate with us, then you have to take a look at your abilities. Don't blame me for not reminding you. If you don't get through this difficulty this time, then I can be sure. Not only you, but also people like us will be unlucky. When the time comes, let alone cooperating with me, I'm afraid I won't be able to eat."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, and then said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, we will definitely be able to overcome this difficulty, so you can rest assured. What they rely on is nothing more than the sect behind them. They believe that the sect behind them is As long as their sect is here, we don’t dare to do anything to them, so they dare to mess around. Their ideas are not wrong. They are disciples of the sect. I don’t dare to do anything to them. We don’t dare to do anything to them. Kill them, but we can let them leave Linyuan Town. We want them to know that they are the ones selling our things, so don't be so arrogant."

When Zhao Hai and Lao Liutou said these words, they kept smiling and did not show any special behavior. They did not leave directly because they received the news. Instead, they sat there and acted very politely. Calm, his behavior surprised Old Liu Touyou.

Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai and said: "I really don't know where you get your confidence from, but in any case, your idea is good, I don't care, just do it as you want, it's no big deal anyway I can still make a good living if I open a grocery store elsewhere, but you have to think about it carefully. In that case, Lanka will have no way to get anything from my grocery store. "

Zhao Haichang smiled and said: "Don't worry, I have confidence. I believe we will be able to survive this crisis. Just watch it. By the way, how is your recent business? I found that some people in the small town The business of the store doesn’t seem to be very good, will Brother Hu and the others stop cooperating with you?”

Old Liu Tou laughed loudly and said: "You don't have to worry about this. My recent business has been very good. They are still cooperating with me. And you are wrong. The business in other stores in the town is also very good." , but when Hu Zhi and the others went out to do the mission, there were no people in the town, so no one would come to our store, so we seemed to be very relaxed, but as long as Hu Zhi and the others needed something , they will still purchase from our stores, and the volume is large, so our earnings are no less than before."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "That's good. It seems that the people in those big stores want to find us because we didn't let them make all the money." Trouble? They are really too greedy, this is not good." As soon as Zhao Hai heard what Old Liu Tou said, he immediately understood why the people in the four big stores had such a reaction, so he acted like this explain.

Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai and smiled slightly: "You are smart, a very smart person. You can know a lot of things with just one sentence. To be honest, I am curious now. With you like this Why would a person with such status have no reputation in the Rogue Cultivation Realm City before? This is very unreasonable."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "There is nothing unreasonable. I am just a casual cultivator. I have never thought about these things before. Of course no one will know about me. There is nothing wrong with it." Zhao Hai said this. There is nothing wrong with him, he is just an ordinary casual cultivator. If no one valued him before, then he would not have a chance to perform, so it is completely normal that he has always been as ordinary as he is now.

Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai and didn't speak for a while. He felt that what Zhao Hai said was a little untrue, but he didn't say anything. Zhao Hai looked at him and said with a smile: "Okay, Uncle Liu, I'm going back first. If anything happens, let's talk about it later. I'll say goodbye." After saying that, he saluted Old Liu, then turned and left.

Looking at the back of Zhao Hai leaving, Old Liu Tou couldn't help but smile and said: "It's just trying to hold on. I thought he was really capable." After saying that, he ignored Zhao Hai. He really I want to know how Zhao Hai will handle this matter. You must know that this matter is almost unsolvable.

If those large sect shops want to deal with them, they will definitely ask people from the sect to take action. If those people from the sect take action to deal with them, then they will be in great trouble. They dare not kill those people. If they take action, If those sects are killed, those sects can deal with them openly and honestly. Other casual cultivators and those big sects will not really deal with those sects just for a few casual cultivators. It can be said that this is a battle where the opponent is only allowed to hit them, but they cannot hit each other. This is really frustrating.

Old Liu Tou just informed them of this matter. He has not yet come up with a solution. It is precisely because of this that he does not have high hopes that Zhao Hai can come up with a solution. He just wants to Let Zhao Hai prepare in advance and save his and Lanka's lives. He really doesn't care about other things.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.