c7873 Surprise

This time Zhao Hai didn't want to be like the last time. The last time he stayed in the town for a full month to deal with Yuchi Tiedan, this time he was not going to enter the town. The last time he Although Yuchi Tiedan was taken care of, he was blocked in the town by people from the Xuanjia Sect. This time, he planned to do it secretly, and took care of the Qingyang Sect disciple, and then left directly without seeing him. , and no one knows that he did it, which is better this way.

Therefore, Zhao Hai did not rush to enter the town, but waited outside the town. As soon as he saw a casual cultivator coming back, he wanted to enter the town, and he asked the casual cultivator to put magic insects on his body. , and then used magic insects to collect intelligence so that he could find the Qingyang Sect disciple named Qingyu.

This Qingyu is a Taoist name, and Qingyang Sect is a Xuanmen sect. Most of their disciples are dressed as Taoist priests. Only those who are dressed as Taoist priests will of course have a Taoist number, so this is what Zhao Hai is looking for. If the disciple of Qingyang Sect named Qingyu is killed, he will have completed his mission.

For three days, Zhao Hai has been collecting intelligence. The size and existence of this town are actually similar to the town of Xuanjia Sect. There are also people managing it, but Qingyu is not the manager of this town. Or, in other words, he is just one of the managers of this town.

This Qingyu doesn't look like much, he's only about twenty years old, and his appearance is unremarkable. He usually doesn't have much presence in this small town. Most of the time, he practices in his room. He gives people the impression of a practicing madman, and he has always respected the other Qingyang Sect disciples in the town.

Zhao Hai was a little surprised. How could a person like this offend the Hell Gate? Why did the people at Hell Gate want to kill him? Could it be that Hell Gate is also taking on some assassination missions like that Yuedu people? Otherwise, their behavior is really unjustifiable.

It was precisely because of this that Zhao Hai did not kill Qingyu immediately. Instead, he kept observing Qingyu with the magic bug placed on Qingyu. In this way, he observed Qingyu for three more days, but there was no trace of Qingyu. Discovering what was special about this sapphire made Zhao Hai even more curious.

Just when Zhao Hai was about to attack Qing Yu, Qing Yu's unintentional movement caught Zhao Hai's attention. After Qing Yu returned to his room from outside that day, he directly entered the quiet room. Then he took out another talisman and activated it directly. Then he sat in the quiet room, and then took out something from the space preparation. This thing was a special token, and this token It looks like it is made of iron. There is nothing special about it. If it is thrown outside, no one will pick it up, because some large sect tokens will never look like this. A token like this , it can only be those gangs of casual cultivators, and the things they make by themselves have no value.

But Qingyu looked at the token very carefully, as if it were some kind of treasure. Zhao Hai was also very surprised after seeing the token, because he He found that there was a trace of Yin Qi on this token, and he was really familiar with this Yin Qi. It was the same Yin Qi on the broken sword he had seen in Yuchi Tiedan's room before. , these two types of Yin Qi are almost the same.

As soon as he saw this trace of Yin Qi, Zhao Hai immediately knew that this token should be a communication tool for transcending people. When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but be even more surprised. He almost understood now, Why did the people from the Hell Gate ask him to kill Qingyu? It might be the people from the Hell Gate. They knew from somewhere that Qingyu had obtained the liaison tool for salvation, so they wanted to kill him. But why did the people from the Hell Gate do this? What to do? Where did they get the news?

This made Zhao Hai very curious. He found that he still knew too little about Hell Gate. It seemed that he had to understand Hell Gate better and see what secrets it held. But this was different from his It was a mission, but there was no conflict. Zhao Hai was already ready to take action.

That night, when Qingyu was practicing in his quiet room like every day, Zhao Hai directly released the Lingshu grass. After Qingyu was hit by the Lingshu grass and died, he sneaked into the quiet room. He cut off Qingyu's head, and then took away the space equipment on his body. However, the talismans that Qingyu arranged in the quiet room had no effect from beginning to end. After Zhao Hai sneaked out of Qingyu's room, , he left the town directly.

When they arrived outside the town, Zhao Hai took a look at Qingyu's space preparation. It was a space bag with a spiritual mark on it, but Zhao Hai didn't pay attention. The spiritual mark belonged to Qingyu, and now Qingyu is dead. All he had to do was break the spiritual imprint. Zhao Hai then opened the space bag with a thought.

There are a lot of things in the sapphire space bag, including spiritual stones, elixirs, magic weapons, and most importantly, a few jade slips, which look like exercises. Apart from these things, there are just some Daily things, these did not attract Zhao Hai's attention. What Zhao Hai really paid attention to was his token.

Zhao Hai immediately collected all the items in the sapphire space bag, leaving only the token and some daily items. Then he directly threw the space bag into the woods. As for who will get this space bag in the future, it has nothing to do with him.

He did not go to get the token used to contact the people who were saved. It was not the time for him to pursue this matter yet. He had to find out the situation of the Hell Gate first, and then trace the situation of the people who were saved. And if he didn't If he guesses wrong, there must be a ghost in the token of the Chaodu people. Even if he can kill the ghost, the Chaodu people will know about it immediately, and they will definitely trace it when the time comes. Zhao Hai is still He didn't want to provoke the Chaodu people, even if they couldn't track him down.

If Zhao Hai didn't deal with the ghost, then it would be equivalent to wearing a tracker on his body. He would not do this. He was almost certain that the organization Chaodu Ren was likely to have equipment across space. The location of the token can also be traced, so Zhao Hai will not bring this thing with him.

After dealing with these matters, Zhao Hai directly used the token of Hell Gate and returned directly to Hell Gate. As soon as he appeared in the teleportation array of Hell Gate, he was immediately discovered by the ghost soldiers. The ghost soldiers looked at Zhao. Hai glanced at him, but didn't say anything. Instead, he directly led Zhao Hai to the Hall of Equality.

After Zhao Hai paid a visit to King Ping Ping, King Ping Ping looked at Zhao Hai with a strange look, and then said: "Has your mission been completed again?" King Ping Ping really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would be like this. The mission was quickly completed, but when he saw Zhao Hai coming back, he knew that Zhao Hai's mission was completed at once.

Zhao Hai responded, and then he moved his hand and took out Qingyu's head. After the ghost soldier showed the head to King Ping Ping, King Ping Ping nodded, and then said to Zhao Hai: "Okay, this time your mission is completed. It's very good. You can rest for seven days. After seven days, there will be a task for you. Come and give the reward to the shadow."

Zhao Hai quickly said to King Ping Ping: "Your Highness, I have a request. Please allow me to report it." Zhao Hai was going to ask Hu Zhi and the others for some skills. This was what he had promised Hu Zhi and the others, and now he His training skills are enough, and there is no need to ask for anything for himself, so his request is understandable.

Of course, the most important thing is that by doing this, it means that he pays more attention to Hu Zhi and the others. When Hell Gate finds out that they attach such importance to Hu Zhi and the others, they will feel more at ease with him, so he decided to take the risk. , even if it is unsuccessful, it doesn't matter. King Pingping probably won't punish him for this matter.

King Ping Ping looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Tell me." King Ping Ping really wanted to hear Zhao Hai's request. To be honest, he had seen a lot of casual cultivators, but one as outstanding as Zhao Hai really There are only a few, but he is very optimistic about Zhao Hai. Because of this, he wants to know what Zhao Hai wants to request.

Zhao Hai bowed to King Ping Ping and said: "Your Highness, I want to request a skill for the people in the Ancient Sword Gang. They are also peripheral members of my Hell Sect and my brothers. I want them to The strength is one step closer, I wonder if His Highness may agree?" Zhao Hai said his request directly without wasting any words.

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, King Pingping was stunned for a moment, then he glanced at Zhao Hai, and then said: "Your request is indeed interesting, but I can't agree to you now. There are rules at the Hell Gate. For newcomers like you, the rewards for the first three missions are all fixed. You have no required qualifications. After three missions, you can get the contact circle, so that you can not come here to the main hall. Sect Any tasks will be sent directly to you through the magic circle, and your rewards can also be sent directly to you. Only then can you ask for rewards. Do you understand what I mean?"

Zhao Hai was stunned. He really didn't expect that the Hell Gate would have such a rule. He couldn't help but show a look of disappointment on his face, but he recovered immediately, because the Hell Gate actually didn't have this rule. What, it's just that the time for him to get the skills he wants is later.

So Zhao Hai pretended to have figured it out, saluted King Ping Ping and said: "Yes, Your Highness, I understand." In his opinion, there is still one more mission anyway, and it is nothing special. After completing it, A task, and then asking for the exercises he wants, it's just a matter of waiting for a few days.

King Pingping looked at Zhao Hai and nodded, then said in a deep voice: "Ying, I am very optimistic about you. You are powerful and have the ability to sneak in and assassinate. This is our hell." The door needs it, so don’t worry. After completing three tasks, you will have credit recorded for each task you complete. When your credit reaches a certain level, you can get a higher status. So I hope you can work harder and improve your own strength, so that in the future, you have enough credit but not enough strength. In that case, it will be difficult for you to improve your status."