c7875 Prepare

Zhao Hai returned to the yard of Lanka's house, and then directly called Xiao Jiu into his room. Now Hu Zhi and the others were all going outside to collect medicine, so in the whole town, only he and Xiao Jiu had the final say. There were two people, and Xiao Jiu was obviously more willing to listen to him, but Zhao Hai still called Xiao Jiu over. After all, if there was anything, he still had to discuss it with Xiao Jiu. .

After Xiao Jiu arrived in the room and sat down, Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "I received a piece of news. This news may be very important to us..." He had just said this and had not continued. After going down, he heard a knock on the door. The knock was very low and very rhythmic. This made Zhao Hai stunned. Then he waved his hand and said in a deep voice: "You stay in the room. I'll open the door."

Xiao Jiu responded and sat there without moving, while Zhao Hai walked out quickly, went to the courtyard door, opened the courtyard door, and saw a waiter from Ke Laixuan shop, standing in front of his In front of the door, when the clerk saw Zhao Hai, he directly gave a piece of jade slip to Zhao Hai and said: "This is what the shopkeeper asked me to give to you." After saying that, without waiting for Zhao Hai to reply, he moved and turned around. He left, but he didn't leave from the alley, but ran directly to a wall next to him, then jumped off the wall, and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then he looked around and found no one else, so he immediately closed the courtyard door. Then he mentally searched the jade slips, only to find that it read: "The shop of the fourth sect of Xuanjia Sect, Please ask people from their sect to come and deal with you, please be careful." This was all he said.

But after seeing this sentence, Zhao Hai was slightly stunned, then smiled, and then crushed the jade slip in his hand directly, and then entered the room, while Xiao Jiu was still sitting there , but looked at the door with a wary expression. When he saw Zhao Hai walking in, he was relieved.

Looking at Xiao Jiu's appearance, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile. Then he sat down, looked at Xiao Jiu and said, "I just received the news that Xuanming Armor Shop and their four big stores have asked for help from their sects. Let the people from their sect send people to deal with us, hahahaha, I really didn’t expect that they would deal with us so soon.”

When Xiao Jiuyi heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be startled, but then his expression changed, and then he said in a deep voice: "Brother Ying, you mean that people from those four sects will send people to deal with us. ? Then what are we going to do?" Xiao Jiu was really nervous. You must know that there are four sects standing behind those four shops, and now the people of those four sects want to deal with them, how can they not be nervous? Not to mention four sects, even one sect can destroy them by sending a few disciples, let alone those four sects who have to deal with them together.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Don't worry, I have long thought that such a day would come, so before the elder brother and the others went out to collect medicine, I had already asked the elder brother and the others to pay attention outside. If we look for it, we can be the first to do so. In the second base, Cunning Rabbit still has three burrows. Of course we have to prepare a few more places for refuge. In this way, you will leave tomorrow. You should know where Brother Hu and the others are collecting herbs. You go Find them and tell them that after the herb collection is completed this time, don’t go back to Linyuan Town, but go to Base No. 1 for a while, and I will handle the affairs in the town."

When Xiao Jiu heard what Zhao Hai said, he said: "Yes, Brother Ying, I will go tomorrow. What are we going to do now? Don't we make some preparations?" Xiao Jiu is actually very good at this matter. Seriously, he was worried that something would happen to the people in the town, which would be bad.

Zhao Hai said with a smile: "You don't have to do anything now, just keep everything as usual. The other party can't come to deal with us today. You don't have to show any performance, just go ahead." Xiao Jiu responded and then stood up He got up, turned around and left. Zhao Hai watched Xiao Jiu leave, but smiled slightly, then slowly stood up and walked to the backyard of the house.

In their backyard, there was a woodshed with a lot of dry firewood placed there, all used for cooking. Zhao Hai entered the woodshed, then he held the magic formula in his hand and shot it directly on the ground. Go, and soon a hole appeared on the ground, but this hole was diagonally downwards. Zhao Hai walked out along the hole, while walking forward, he kept using spells. Very quickly , a tunnel about ten miles long has been built, and the exit on the other side of the tunnel is built in a very secret place in the woods.

This is an escape route that Zhao Hai has been optimistic about for a long time. However, he has never built this tunnel before, and he has just built it now. This is not a difficult task for Zhao Hai. Now that the tunnel has been completed, Zhao Hai blocked the exit of the tunnel, then retreated to the woodshed, and then used magic to block the entrance to the woodshed, and then exited the woodshed.

Then in the afternoon, Zhao Hai acted as if nothing had happened. He still took Lanka and the others to do whatever they needed to do. There was nothing special about it until dinner time, because there were not many people left in the town. , so everyone has dinner together, and others are used to their way and will not have any doubts.

Zhao Hai waited until Aunt Liu and the others brought the food, then said to Aunt Liu and the others: "Aunt Liu, you guys sit down too, I have something to say today." When Aunt Liu and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were a little confused. , but they still sat down, and the others also looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and then said in a deep voice: "I have received news that people from the four major stores want to deal with us. We can't do nothing. No matter what they want to do, our first priority is to save our lives. "As soon as Zhao Hai said these words, everyone couldn't help but exclaimed, but they quickly covered their mouths to prevent themselves from making too much noise.

Zhao Hai glanced at them, with a look of satisfaction on his face, and then said: "Okay, everyone's performance is very good. Don't be surprised. It's not just a day or two that the enemy wants to deal with us. We start to fight for ourselves." From that day on, they want to deal with us, so we must make preparations. Now I will make arrangements. From tomorrow on, everyone should not behave differently to the outside world, but Aunt Liu, they want to Put all the things we have here into the space equipment and be ready to evacuate at any time. Just wait for our order. Xiaojiu, you go find Big Brother and the others tomorrow. Find Big Brother and the others and ask them to go to Base No. 1 immediately. It’s all set up there and we should be there soon.”

Xiao Jiu responded, and Aunt Liu also responded. Zhao Hai then said: "Aunt Liu, please be careful not to behave differently from before in the past few days. Also, be careful not to buy too much. Things, don’t think that we are about to leave, then buy some more things to take with you. Absolutely not. We have already prepared the things that should be prepared. You don’t have to worry about anything. If you let me know, who has anything strange? Then don’t blame me for being rude, for the sake of everyone here, I will kill people, do you understand?"

Everyone was shocked in their hearts, and then they all responded. Zhao Hai looked at them and then said: "Okay, we will make full preparations tomorrow. We will leave the town soon." Everyone agreed, and then they started to eat, but this time they , but they are all a little absent-minded, because they have never encountered such a thing before, and now they are a little at a loss.

That night, when Aunt Liu and the others left, Ranka and Zhao Hai returned to their room. Ranka did not go to sleep, but said to Zhao Hai: "Master, you are so strong and have already condensed the Dharma. Could it be that... Can't you deal with those guys? Why should we leave? This is our home."

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka's appearance and couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Lanka, you have to remember that a person must have a clear understanding of his own strength, and at the same time he must also have a clear understanding of the enemy's strength. , there is a very clear understanding that only in this way can we go to war with the enemy. Who is our enemy now? It is the Xuanjia Sect, the Qingyang Sect, the White Stone Academy, and the Iron Arm Sect. Regardless of their four sects, Any one of them is much stronger than us. If we fight them head-on, we will be the ones who suffer in the end, so we can’t mess around. We don’t want to fight them head-on, but we can use There are other ways to deal with them, leaving here is actually the way to deal with them.”

Lanka looked at Zhao Hai with a vague understanding, Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "When we discussed the distribution of elixirs with them, we had already offended the Xuanjia Sect, and the Xuanjia Sect has always been They are all very powerful, so I think Xuanjia Sect must have instigated this incident. What we have to do now is actually very simple. We retreat and stop doing business with them. In this way, they Several sects will suffer losses. Don't think that it is only those sects that are dealing with us this time. That means those sects are really trying their best to deal with us. That is impossible. They still think If we are not a small force like ours, those who come to deal with us now must be the disciples of the sect that controls these stores. If we don’t trade with them, the loss will not be big for the four sects, but for those four sects, the loss will be small. For a few disciples, the losses would be huge, so they will definitely vent their anger on the heads of those shopkeepers. Then, without us taking action, those sect disciples will help us deal with those few shopkeepers. Shopkeeper, do you understand what I mean?"

Lanka has been stunned by Zhao Hai. He can think of so many things in his little head, so he is looking at Zhao Hai with a confused look. Zhao Hai can't help but laugh out loud when he looks at him. Laughing, he also felt that it was a little too early for him to teach Lanka these things. But Zhao Hai finally remembered another thing. When he mentioned the names of the four sects before, he found that among the four sects, there was an Iron Arm sect, the same as the Iron Arm sect he had dealt with in Dingfeng City. Gang, there is only one word difference, is there any connection between them?