c7883 negotiation

Hu Zhi walked forward and said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, do you think someone can find us? Are we overestimating the strength of those big sects? Although the strength of those big sects is good, but they want to bring so many All places are under surveillance, but that’s not possible, right?”

Zhao Hai smiled slightly but did not speak. At this moment, he heard a voice saying: "Three fellow Taoists, please stay." Hu Zhi, Scarface and Zhao Hai all stopped. They were about to leave the gathering now. It was a deserted place and there were not many people around, so the other party could only be talking to them.

The three of them all turned their heads and looked back, only to find a thin old man standing behind them. The three of them looked at each other. Both Hu Zhi and Scarface were sure that this guy might be one of the four sects. Although there was no one at the door, Hu Zhi still spoke: "This fellow Taoist has invited you, are you calling us?"

The person who came was Yang Chen. Yang Chen looked at Hu Zhi and the three of them, smiled slightly, saluted the three of them and said: "That's right, I'm calling you three. I have something I want to ask you about." "I wonder if these three people are from the Gujian Gang?" Yang Chen was not prepared to say anything. Wu Yang was still waiting for news from him, so he asked his question directly.

There was no expression on the faces of Hu Zhi and others, but Hu Zhi said: "So, so what if it's not? Fellow Taoist, please tell me who you are. He, just asking to stay here, seems a little unreasonable, right?" "Although Hu Zhi's words were very calm, they were actually an indirect admission of his identity.

Yang Chen looked at Hu Zhi, smiled slightly, and then said: "What's wrong with Lao Chen? He is the shopkeeper of Qingyang Sect's Jusha City store. His name is Yang Chen. He was entrusted by shopkeeper Wu Yang to search for Gu. Everyone from the Sword Gang, if you are really from the Ancient Sword Gang, I will not have wasted my efforts."

Hu Zhi was still expressionless, while Zhao Hai and Scarface both showed a hint of nervousness. Of course, this was what they had discussed before. If they met people from those sects, they would behave like this, so the two of them There is nothing surprising about his performance.

Hu Zhi looked at Yang Chen and said in a deep voice: "It turns out to be Master Qingyang Sect, but I don't know why he stopped us? But he wants our lives? If that's the case, then you don't have to be polite and take action. That’s it.” These words Hu Zhi said were all taught to him by Zhao Hai.

Yang Chen looked at Hu Zhi and said quickly: "Fellow Taoist has misunderstood. Wu Yang asked me to come to you, fellow Taoist. I just want to talk to you about whether there is any misunderstanding between you. As long as you make it clear, then It's okay." Yang Chen felt that this Hu Zhi was a bit difficult to deal with. Although he seemed to be very direct in his speech, he acted like I already knew what you wanted to do, which gave him a very headache. .

Hu Zhi looked at Yang Chen and snorted coldly: "Misunderstanding? I did not misunderstand. You want our lives. Of course we will not wait for you to kill us. The lives of us casual cultivators are not valuable, but We don’t want to disappear for nothing, so we can only hide. If you still don’t let us go, then we will have no choice but to fight hard.”

Yang Chen quickly said: "Everyone has misunderstood, really misunderstood, everyone, Wu Yang asked me to come to you today, and his purpose of coming to you is not to deal with you, but to know, everyone What are your requirements and why do you have to leave Linyuan Town?"

When Hu Zhi heard what he said, he couldn't help being furious. He looked at Yang Chen and said: "Why did we leave Linyuan Town? Don't you know why we left? Who are we? We are just some casual cultivators. At the beginning we These people unite to form the Ancient Sword Gang, just to make everyone live a better life. We collect herbs and then buy them to various stores. We don’t dare to offend anyone, so the shares of the four major stores are all It’s the same, and our medicine prices are also two levels cheaper than the prices of medicines in the world. Two levels, that’s not a small amount. Do you really think we don’t know that the medicines we sell are cheaper? Why do we know that? It's so cheap, why are you still willing to sell it to you? It's just because we people are average in strength and can't do too difficult tasks. We just want to live a peaceful life in Linyuan Town, but even so , but you are still not satisfied, and you even want to deal with us. Do you have to treat us as your slaves to be happy? OK, we can’t afford to offend you. We are casual cultivators, so let’s avoid the head office, right? Are you like this? Are you unwilling to let us go?"

Yang Chen was silent. He also felt that Wu Yang and the others had gone too far. Casual cultivators are also human beings, not your slaves. Even though they knew the price of the medicinal materials, they were still willing to give you a double profit. This This is already a huge profit, but you are still not satisfied and want to treat others as slaves. Of course, they will fight you tooth and nail.

But things have happened now. He and Wu Yang are good friends. Naturally, he doesn't want to see his good friends suffer misfortune, so he hurriedly said: "Everyone, I know why this matter happened. I will come here this time." Everyone, I just want to make it clear to you, this matter really has nothing to do with us, it really has nothing to do with us, if you believe us, don’t come to my store, how about you listen to me carefully?”

The reason why Yang Chen wanted Hu Zhi and others to go to his shop was because he found that the sound of their voices here had attracted the attention of some casual cultivators around him. Now there were many people rushing towards Looking at them and pointing here, Yang Chen knew very well that after hearing what Hu Zhi and the others said, those casual cultivators would definitely feel the same way. If this matter really caused any trouble, it would be bad, so He just wanted Hu Zhi and the others to go to his shop to talk.

Hu Zhi said in a deep voice: "That's all, let's just say it here. To be honest, we are already scared and don't dare to follow you anymore. If you have anything to say, just say it here. If you really feel that , If we people are really an eyesore, then we can just go home and farm."

When Yang Chen heard what Hu Zhi said, he was very impatient. He glanced at Hu Zhi, then smiled bitterly and said: "Everyone, you really misunderstood. Our Qingyang Sect really has no intention of dealing with you. Wu Junior Brother Yang came to my place before, just to let me find you. This matter was all started by Shopkeeper Chen of Xuanjia Sect in Linyuan Town. You should also know who Shopkeeper Chen is. Junior Brother Wu was also attracted by him. It’s so hard, now Junior Brother Wu really wants to talk about this matter with you, how about you listen carefully?”

Hu Zhi looked at Yang Chen, and after a while he said, "Okay, sir, just tell me, and we'll just listen." Hu Zhi looked at Yang Chen, and although he called Yang Chen "lord," he didn't address him at all. It means respect. On the contrary, he calls Hu Yangchen "sir" at this time, which seems to have a trace of irony in it.

Yang Chen had a good temper. He was not angry. Instead, he looked at Hu Zhi and said, "Fellow Taoist, can you tell me your name? This old man, Yang Chen, is polite." From then on, Yang Chen talked to Hu Zhi and the others. Until now, this was the first time he reported his name, and it was also the first time he asked Hu Zhi their names.

Hu Zhi looked at Yang Chen and said in a deep voice: "You're welcome, Mr. Yang. Hu Zhi, Mr. Yang, we really don't have the ability to become enemies of your sects, so we left Linyuan Town. I think everyone knows about the situation in Yuan Town, not to mention the various sects. Even the stronger casual cultivators will not go there because there is no benefit there. It can be said that it is just us there. These people with little strength want a place to live without being forced to live. People with some strength have left Linyuan Town long ago. We, the people, just want to retire there. We really don’t want to, and we don’t have the ability to fight with them. As enemies, if you have any orders now, my lord, please speak out."

Yang Chen couldn't help but smile bitterly. Hu Zhi and the others kept saying that they were incapable of being enemies with them, but now it was they who were giving in to Hu Zhi. He really didn't know what to say about such a thing, but now he But he couldn't say anything, so Yang Chen said: "Friend Hu, what Junior Brother Wu Yang means is that you please go back to Linyuan Town. He can guarantee your safety and pay the price for purchasing your medicinal materials." , let me mention it, it can be the same as in the market, I wonder what Hu Daoyou thinks?"

When Hu Zhi heard what he said, he seemed to be a little moved, but soon he shook his head and said: "Mr. Yang, to be honest, we really can't believe your guarantee, because now we have to deal with , it’s not just your family, but also several other families. You can be your own masters, but you can’t be the masters of other families, so we really have no way of trusting you.”

Yang Chen quickly said: "You can rest assured about this. We will communicate with the other companies. As long as you can return to Linyuan Town, everything will be easy. We said we can guarantee your safety, and we can guarantee your safety." Please rest assured about our safety." Yang Chen can give Hu Zhi and the others any conditions now. He only hopes that Hu Zhi and the others can return to Linyuan Town. Anyway, as long as they can go back, Wu Yang will still have a chance. of vitality.

But what he did attracted the attention of the casual cultivators around him. When they were talking before, they did not use any sound-isolating magic circle. The casual cultivators all heard what was going on from their words. They It is really unimaginable that a member of the sect would be so condescending to a casual cultivator. This is almost impossible.

Take Jusha Town as an example. In Jusha Town, there are also many casual cultivator forces. These forces may be stronger than the Ancient Sword Gang, but none of these forces dare to challenge those sects. Whatever the people of the sect said, they had to do something. Just like this time, Yang Chen asked a gang here in Jusha Town to collect information about the Gujian Gang. Didn't they just do it? Like the Gujian Gang, they can't even think about negotiating with those sects.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.