c7886 appreciate

Le Wenzhen looked at Zhao Hai, nodded and said: "Yes, very good, although you are a casual cultivator, you are indeed a talent, and as a casual cultivator, if you want to help other people, This is really good, you are much better than other casual cultivators, very good."

It seems that Le Wen really likes Zhao Hai, otherwise he would not praise him so much. Zhao Hai naturally did not dare to say anything, but Le Wen still looked at Zhao Hai with admiration and said: "Cultivation well Lian, if I have time, I will ask the sect to allow you to join the sect. Although I can only give you the status of a peripheral disciple, with this status, the path you will take in the future will be different."

When he heard what Le Wenzhen said, Hu Zhi looked at him in disbelief. He really didn't expect that Le Wenzhen would say such a thing. Although Le Wenzhen just said that he wanted to give Zhao Hai a The identity of a peripheral disciple, but how important such an identity is to a casual cultivator, it really goes without saying.

Zhao Hai quickly saluted Le Wenzhen with an excited look. He was very excited. Le Wenzhen was also very happy with Zhao Hai's reaction. When ordinary cultivators heard the news, they followed Zhao Hai's The reaction was indeed similar, so he didn't suspect anything.

At this time, Hu Zhi was a little stunned. He already knew that Zhao Hai was now a formal member of Hell Sect. If he was joining Qingyang Sect, would that be considered a betrayal of Hell Sect? If he really betrayed Hell. If so, will the people from the Hell Gate deal with Zhao Hai?

But then I thought about it, Hell Sect is just an alliance of casual cultivators, do they still dare to touch the disciples of Qingyang Sect? They did not dare to touch the disciples of Qingyang Sect, so there was nothing to worry about. When he thought of this, Hu Zhi's mood slowly calmed down, and he was also happy for Zhao Hai.

After all, Hu Zhi is not an official disciple of the Hell Sect. He does not know the situation of the Hell Sect. If he knew that Zhao Hai had killed several sect disciples, then he might not think so, and Zhao Hai was not prepared to kill him. After telling him the news, he thanked Le Wenzhen and then stood there, waiting for Le Wenzhen's instructions.

Le Wenzhen looked at Hu Zhi and Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "What happened this time is that they did something wrong. I can guarantee your safety this time, but in the future, you must conduct transactions with the four stores as before. , do you understand what I mean?" Le Wenzhen's words were obviously directed at Hu Zhi, because he really didn't believe that Zhao Hai would go against his will after getting his guarantee, so that's why he did this.

Hu Zhi was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately said: "Yes, sir, we will definitely do it. If it weren't for us having no way to survive this time, we wouldn't have escaped. After all, the strength of our Ancient Sword Sect is really too poor." Well, in other small towns, if we want to live like here, we really don’t have much chance.”

Le Wenzhen nodded, then he looked at Hu Zhi and said: "Okay, as long as you understand this, you can go back, Zhao Ying, you can stay for a while." Hu Sheng responded, turned around and left, Wu Yang After sending Hu Zhi outside, only Zhao Hai and Le Wenzhen were left in the room.

Le Wenzhen looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "I asked Wu Yang before. The Gujian Gang has been here in Linyuan Town for many years, and there has never been any change. Hu Zhi and the others are really... You can be stupid, but since you arrived in Linyuan Town and joined the Ancient Sword Gang, the Ancient Sword Gang has undergone changes. Now you can even negotiate with several major stores, and you can even force Wu Yang and the others to make concessions. , all of this should be your credit, right?" Although he was asking Zhao Hai, his tone was very affirmative.

Zhao Hai quickly said: "Yes, the villain made some suggestions to Hu Zhi and the others." He didn't say anything more. He knew that it wouldn't work if he didn't admit it, so he admitted it directly, which would make it easier. Gaining Le Wen Zhen's trust, he felt that it would be good for him if he really got on the line with Le Wen Zhen.

Le Wenzhen nodded, then he glanced at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "With your current strength, can you condense the Dharma?" This is the thing that Le Wenzhen is most concerned about. If Zhao Hai does not condense it, If Zhao Hai condenses the Dharma Appearance, then he can get Zhao Hai to the Qingyang Sect. If Zhao Hai condenses the Dharma Appearance, it means that he has obtained other inheritances, and he can no longer get Zhao Hai to the Qingyang Sect. Instead, make other arrangements.

Zhao Hai quickly said: "The Dharma has been condensed. The villain is a physical practitioner. I got a physical cultivation inheritance before, but the progress has not been much. Later, after joining the Ancient Sword Gang, I had more time to practice. , this made a lot of progress, and finally condensed the Dharma. It didn’t take long for the villain to condense the Dharma, less than a month.”

When Le Wenzhen heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but sigh: "It's a pity, that's all. You take this. From today on, you are mine. You should stay here in Linyuan Town first. I In the future, I will give you the identity of a peripheral disciple of Qingyang Sect, but you are directly under my management. I will give you some tasks to do. This talisman is a magic weapon that I refined before. He It has three functions. One is defense, which will form an earth element shield around your body. Even if you use the Dharma Appearance, it can also form an earth element shield around your Dharma Appearance. The second is offense. He It will summon an earth giant to help you fight, which is very powerful. If the opponent is a monk or above, even if he uses the magic form, the earth giant summoned will still have the power to fight with him. The last ability , that means escaping. It is not a portable teleportation array, but an earth teleportation array. When you are in danger, it will directly take you underground, and then perform an instant teleportation from the underground. Because on the battlefield, the portable teleportation array cannot be used, so keep him safe and he will be yours from now on."

Zhao Hai took over the formation disk with excitement. The formation disk only had a yin-yang Tai Chi pattern on the front and a mountain on the back. The whole formation disk looked very simple and natural. After Zhao Hai took the formation disk , immediately gave a big salute to Le Wenzhen, and then stood up.

Le Wenzhen looked at Zhao Hai and couldn't help but smile, and then said: "If I have any tasks in the future, I will ask Wu Yang to give the task to you. Do your job well, and I will never treat you badly. "After speaking, Le Wenzhen stood up, patted Zhao Hai on the shoulder, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, you can go back." Zhao Hai responded, then exited the room, and then directly returned to Lanka. courtyard.

When Zhao Hai returned to Lanka's yard, he found that Hu Zhi and the others were all there. As soon as Hu Zhi saw Zhao Hai coming, he immediately came up to him excitedly and said loudly to Zhao Hai: "Brother, congratulations, if you really do If you have a chance to join the Qingyang Sect, don't forget us." Others from the Ancient Sword Gang were also there, and everyone looked at Zhao Hai with envy.

Zhao Hai also laughed loudly and said: "Okay, everyone, don't worry. If I have a chance in the future, I will definitely not forget you. Let's go in and have a drink." After that, he led everyone to the canteen at the back, and At this time, the other people in the town had all eaten and were sitting in the canteen waiting for them. They were still a little uneasy. After all, the four major stores were going to deal with them this time. They were afraid that they would be killed by the four sects. people were killed.

As soon as he saw this situation, Hu Zhi immediately understood what everyone was thinking. Hu Zhi turned his head and glanced at Zhao Hai, and then said in a deep voice: "Brother, tell me what is going on." Zhi believes that Zhao Hai knows more than him, and since Le Wen is so optimistic about Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai's guarantee must be more effective than his.

Zhao Hai also understood what he meant, so he did not refuse, but nodded. Then he glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "I want to tell you some good news. This time the incident has passed. The four sects People will not come to deal with us, and our future transactions with them will continue as usual. Don’t worry, everyone, go back and rest. We will go to collect herbs in a few days, so go ahead.”

When Zhao Hai said this, everyone's faces were filled with joy. Then they all saluted Zhao Hai, then turned and left the Lanka family's yard and walked towards their own homes, but Zhao Hai and the others did not leave. Everyone sat down in the restaurant. After everyone sat down, Zhao Hai glanced at Hu Zhi and the others and said solemnly: "I know everyone is happy for me, but actually there is no need. We have overcome the crisis this time. , this is a good thing, but to be honest, my situation is not much better. Although the adult said that he would help me become a peripheral disciple of Qingyang Sect, even if I got this peripheral disciple I will always stay here in Linyuan Town. He will give me some tasks to complete. After completing the tasks, he will give me some rewards. In fact, in general, the situation has not changed much.

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they couldn't help but be stunned. They really didn't expect it to be like this. According to this, Zhao Hai is just a dead soldier raised by Le Wenzhen. What kind of dirty work is there? , will be handed over to Zhao Hai to do it, and Zhao Hai will get some rewards after completing these tasks. This seems to be not much different from that of a casual cultivator. It is better to be a casual cultivator.

However, after they thought about it, they felt that this was not the case. In any case, Zhao Hai had the identity of a peripheral disciple of Qingyang Sect, and his identity would be different from now on. When outside, this identity is still very bluffing. Moreover, it will be easier for his disciples to join the Qingyang Sect in the future. It can be said that this is a real opportunity that can change their destiny.

Zhao Hai looked at their expressions, smiled slightly and said: "Anyway, with this identity, our Ancient Sword Gang will no longer be able to manipulate just those few shops. For us, this is absolutely It’s a good thing and worthy of our happiness. Brother, do you think we should have a good drink today?”

"We must have a good drink. Today we are celebrating double happiness. How can we not have a good drink? Xiaojiu, get ready. Let's have a good drink today!" Hu Zhi laughed and said, looking very happy. excited.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.