c7887 Newcomer

At night, the entire Linyuan Town fell into darkness. Zhao Hai returned to his room. Then he immediately set up an isolation circle in his room, and then he directly took out the Hell Gate. The token, as the light on the token flashed, Zhao Hai disappeared into the room.

The next moment, Zhao Hai had appeared in a cave of Hell Gate. The Hell Gate ghost soldier there had already seen Zhao Hai. He immediately stepped forward, saluted Zhao Hai and said, "I have met Master Ying." Zhao Hai's status is higher than theirs, so the other party will naturally call him Mr. Zhao Haiying.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he said to the ghost soldier: "Take me to the Infinite Hell." The ghost soldier responded and led Zhao Hai to the Infinite Hell. After a while, the two of them came to the gate of the Infinite Hell. Outside, before the ghost seat could speak, Zhao Hai spoke first: "Gui Chaying, I have something important to report to His Highness King Ping Ping. I hope you can see me."

The voice of King Pingping came from the hall: "Come in." Zhao Hai responded, and then slowly walked into the hall. In the middle of the hall, Zhao Hai saluted in the direction of King Pingping, and then said loudly: "Greetings. His Highness King Ping Ping." King Ping Ping is his direct superior. If anything happens to him, he must report it to King Ping Ping.

King Pingping said in a deep voice: "Pingshen, if there is anything important, just tell me directly." King Pingping was really surprised by Zhao Hai's sudden appearance. He knew what happened in Linyuan Town and knew what happened in Linyuan Town. According to the situation, Zhao Hai should be in Linyuan Town now, dealing with matters in Linyuan Town. How could he come here at this time? Could it be that he wanted to ask for help from Hell Gate.

Zhao Hai responded, stood up straight, and then said in a deep voice: "Your Highness, the Ancient Sword Gang in Linyuan Town was previously dealt with by the four major shops of the four sects. We had to react. The entire Ancient Sword Gang's Everyone has withdrawn from Linyuan Town. After that, we wanted to put pressure on the four major stores and prepare to conduct transactions in other towns. Let the people of the four major stores find out and force them to negotiate with us. But we did not expect that we After the transaction in Jusha Town, we met a disciple of Qingyang Sect. He stopped us and told us to go back to Linyuan Town. He ensured our safety, so we had to go back to Linyuan Town. There." He paused at this point and glanced at King Ping's reaction.

King Pingping looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Go on, I know all these things. The news that the four major stores wanted to deal with you before was the news I got and then someone informed you. You came here this time not just to say Let’s talk about this matter. If there is anything else, let’s talk about it together.” King Pingping actually lied. He didn’t know the specific matter. He only knew that the Gujian Gang had returned to Linyuan Town and was the guest of Ke Laixuan. The shopkeeper reported this matter.

Zhao Hai immediately said: "Yes, Your Highness, after returning to Linyuan Town, I went with Hu Zhi to meet the disciple of Qingyang Sect. That disciple of Qingyang Sect seemed to appreciate me very much. He told me that he wanted to absorb me into Qingyang Sect and give me the status of a peripheral disciple of Qingyang Sect. Under the circumstances, I was not allowed to object, so I had no choice but to agree."

When King Pingping heard what Zhao Hai said, his body couldn't help but move slightly. Although the movement was very small, Zhao Hai could still see it, but he pretended not to see it and still stood there calmly. , then he took out a formation disk, held it in his hand, and said to King Ping Ping: "This is the formation disk given to me by the disciple of Qingyang Sect. Please take a look at it, Your Highness."

King Pingping said in a deep voice: "Bring it here." Immediately, a ghost soldier walked up to Zhao Hai and brought the formation plate to King Pingping. Prince Pingping looked at the formation plate carefully. After a while, he finally Putting down the formation disk, he said to Zhao Hai: "The disciple of Qingyang Sect you are talking about should be Tie BiZhi Shule Wenzhen among the disciples of Qingyang Sect, but why did he accept you as a peripheral disciple and gave you the formation disk? , but didn’t tell you his name?”

He heard that Zhao Hai never told Le Wen's real name, so he asked. Zhao Hai quickly said: "Yes, that Qingyang Sect disciple didn't tell me his name, and I think he accepted me As a peripheral disciple, he doesn’t think highly of me. He told me that even if I get the status of a peripheral disciple of Qingyang Sect, I will always stay in Linyuan Town and wait for his orders. He will give me I ordered you to complete some tasks and then give you a reward. You should treat me as a dead soldier."

When King Pingping heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but nodded and said: "Yes, when I heard what you said, it really meant something like this. It seems that the other party really wants to train you as a dead soldier. , but this is also an opportunity, an opportunity to get close to Qingyang Sect. Although there are many people in our Hell Sect, there are not many opportunities to get close to those sects and become people in those sects. You have to seize this. Chance."

Zhao Hai responded, and then King Ping Ping looked at Zhao Hai with some amusement and said: "Become a peripheral disciple of Qingyang Sect, and you will be a member of the sect from now on. Why do you still tell us about this matter? Is it possible? Do you want to be a disciple of Hell Sect forever?" King Pingping really wanted to know what Zhao Hai thought, so he asked.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "To answer your highness, I am just a chess piece in the hands of those sect disciples. There is really nothing special about me. Two sect disciples have already died in the hands of my subordinates. Those two are real disciples of the sect, not dead warriors like me. If I join the Qingyang Sect and betray the Hell Sect, I am afraid that I will die immediately without a burial place. This subordinate is not an idiot, of course I know How to make a choice."

When King Pingping heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help laughing and said: "Yes, yes, at this time, you can still analyze calmly. This is very good, very good. Your choice is correct, don't say So what if he is a mere dead soldier of Qingyang Sect, or even a disciple of Qingyang Sect. Our Hell Sect is stronger than Qingyang Sect, but we are just holding back. You did the right thing, okay, Le Wen really should still be there in Linyuan Town. You should stop doing tasks for Menli recently, and from today on, you are an official member of Hell Gate. You don’t need to do your third task. This is for you. As a reward, go back and be careful so that no one finds out."

Zhao Hai responded, then bowed to King Ping Ping, then turned around and left. King Ping Ping looked at Zhao Hai's back, but smiled slightly, and then said softly: "He is really a boy who knows the current affairs, and deserves to be treated well." I'm afraid it won't be that simple to train him, right?" At this point, he couldn't help but chuckle.

Zhao Hai had returned to his room at this time. He also knew that Le Wenzhen was still here in Linyuan Town and he could not leave, otherwise he would be suspected by Le Wenzhen, so he just reported it to King Ping Ping. , immediately returned to Linyuan Town and went to rest directly.

The next day, Linyuan Town was still peaceful, and no one from the Gujian Gang had any random activities, because they all knew very well that the troubles of the Gujian Gang have not been solved yet, and they can only wait until the troubles of the Gujian Gang are solved. , they can really start to move.

For several days, Linyuan Town was very peaceful, and no one heard any news. It was not until the fifth day after Zhao Hai and the others returned to Linyuan Town that Wu Yang sent someone to find Zhao Hai and asked Zhao Hai to arrive. Qingfeng Yangyi went to Qingfeng Yangyi's store. He had something to tell him. Zhao Hai rushed to Qingfeng Yangyi's store immediately.

When he arrived at the yard behind the store, Wu Yang was waiting for him. As soon as he saw him coming, Wu Yang immediately smiled and clasped his fists at Zhao Hai and said: "Junior brother, you are here, please come in quickly." Zhao Hai knew , he is now regarded as Le Wenzhen, so Wu Yang calls him this. In fact, Zhao Hai's current identity is similar to Wu Yang's. Maybe to some extent, his identity is even more powerful than Wu Yang's. Yang is a little taller, but generally, their status is equal.

Zhao Hai didn't dare to stand up in front of Wu Yang. He quickly saluted Wu Yang and said, "Senior brother, you are too polite to come to me today, but what's the matter? Is your Excellency here? Let me go. Goodbye." In fact, Zhao Hai already knew that Le Wenzhen had left, he just said that on purpose.

Sure enough, Wu Yang said in a deep voice: "My lord, we have something to deal with in our sect. We have already gone back to our sect. I have brought you here this time because I want you to meet the new store managers of several other stores. They are... They're waiting for us in the room, let's go in." After saying that, he pulled Zhao Hai towards the room.

As soon as Zhao Hai heard what he said, he immediately understood what he meant. He didn't say anything, just responded, and then followed Wu Yang to the room. After a while, he entered the room and arrived in the room. , he saw three people sitting in the room, a long, dark and thin monk. Judging from the color of his skin, he knew that he must be the shopkeeper of Xuanjia Sect, but he was not the shopkeeper Chen he had met. .

Of the remaining two, one is still dressed as a scholar, but he looks to be in his forties, with a righteous look on his face. Now he is looking at Zhao Hai with a smile on his face, and the last one, this person looks... It was very weird. He was wearing a warrior uniform. He was very ugly. His arms were very long. In addition, he was very thin and had a little hunchback. When he stood there, he looked like a Like an old monkey.

Wu Yang said to the three people: "Junior brother, this is the shopkeeper of Xuanjia Sect, shopkeeper Liu, this is the shopkeeper of Baishi Academy, shopkeeper Han, and this is the shopkeeper of Iron Arm Sect, shopkeeper Wang. The three of them are new arrivals from the other three stores. As the shopkeeper, junior brother will inevitably have to deal with the three of them in the future, so he must get close to them." Zhao Hai quickly greeted the three of them.

After seeing the ceremony, Wu Yang asked Zhao Hai to sit down, and then he said: "Several adults have already discussed that the transaction between the Gujian Gang and us will be restored to its original state starting from today. If there is any fluctuation in the price of the medicinal materials market in the future, If so, our prices will be adjusted accordingly. You don't have to worry about it, junior brother. What do you think, junior brother, but what else do you want?" Wu Yang doesn't dare to be rude to Zhao Hai now, he is a criminal. The wrong person, but Zhao Hai is very valued by Le Wenzhen, so he talks to Zhao Hai like this.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.