c7888 broken sword

Zhao Hai quickly said: "No, no, in fact, these people from the Gujian Gang also know their own situation. They are not strong and have no way to take risks with big profits, and many of them already have Children, for the sake of their children, they do not dare to take risks at will. If he does not succeed in taking risks and loses his own life, then their children may not even be able to eat from now on. Because of this, their children The requirements are actually very low, as long as everyone can ensure fair transactions, and senior brother, I think you should discuss this matter with Brother Hu Zhi, after all, I am not the leader of the Gujian Gang."

When Wu Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "It's actually the same thing with you. I've heard that the earth warriors you have in the Gujian Gang are not weaker than Hu Zhi. That's all. No. Now that I have said this and you agree, that’s it. I’m calling you here today because I just want you to meet and get to know the shopkeepers. There’s really no other meaning.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said to Wu Yang: "Brother Wu, why don't we all go to Ke Laixuan and have a few drinks? The three shopkeepers are all new to Linyuan Town, and they are not familiar with the situation here in Linyuan Town. I don’t know much about it, but I just want to have a good chat with you about the situation in Linyuan Town, how about it?”

Wu Yang thought for a while, then nodded and said: "Okay, let's go have a drink. This time I'll treat you. To be honest, what happened this time was really very dangerous. I almost lost my life." My life is gone, you three, I wonder if you would like to be rewarded with a favor." The three people looked at each other, and then they all nodded and agreed to Wu Yang's invitation.

The five of them arrived at Ke Laixuan and had a drink there. Zhao Hai became familiar with the three of them. After they dispersed, Zhao Hai returned to the yard of Lanka's house, where Hu Zhi and the others were already there. Waiting for him, Zhao Hai invited them into the living room. After sitting down, Zhao Hai said to Hu Zhi and the others: "From now on, our transactions with the four major stores will return to normal. If the prices in the medicinal market fluctuate, If so, they will also adjust according to the market price. This is already the best result. This time, three of the four shopkeepers in the four major stores were replaced at once, leaving only Qing Fengyang. Shopkeeper Wu from Yidian is still there, I believe they will be honest for a while."

When Hu Zhi and others heard what Zhao Hai said, they all let out a sigh of relief. Unknowingly, Zhao Hai's status in everyone's hearts seemed to be higher than Hu Zhi's, but Hu Zhi didn't care. In fact, Hu Zhi also believes that Zhao Hai's current status is higher than him. You must know that Zhao Hai's current status is not ordinary. He is now half a member of the Qingyang Sect, so Hu Zhi and the others naturally think that Zhao Hai Hai's status is higher.

And only now did Zhao Hai understand how high the status of those sect disciples were in the hearts of casual cultivators. How much courage it took Hu Zhi and others to follow him to fight against the four major shops. If it weren't for the four major shops If they really want to turn them into slaves, they won’t be able to fight against the four major stores.

Zhao Hai was also very impatient about this situation, but he also knew that this could not be changed in a short while, so he said: "In the future, I may be very busy with the Gujian Gang. , I’m afraid I don’t have much time to take care of it. I still have to leave the education of those children to Brother Xiaojiu. Big brother, if anything happens to you in the future, just communicate directly with the four shopkeepers, especially Shopkeeper Wu. , he should give me some thin noodles."

Hu Zhi nodded, but then he frowned and said: "Brother, what do you mean you will be very busy? Don't you still have to do the task of Hell Gate? You are now a disciple of Qingyang Sect, Aren't you leaving Hell Gate yet?" In Hu Zhi's view, Zhao Hai is now a disciple of the sect. People in Hell Gate should not dare to do anything to him. At this time, he should leave from Hell Gate. Just leave the gate of hell.

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and shook his head: "Things are not that simple. Brother, it is impossible for me to leave the Hell Gate. If I leave the Hell Gate, I am afraid that not only me but you will be in danger. Forget it, no. Having said this, you just need to know that I will be very busy next time."

When Hu Zhi heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but frown slightly, but he didn't say anything, but nodded and said: "Okay, let's do it, I won't say anything, brother You should be more careful yourself." Hu Zhi also knew very well that the sects did not know about a force like Hell Sect, which in itself showed that the people in Hell Sect were not simple, so it was right for Zhao Hai not to leave. .

After handling this matter, Zhao Hai also felt relaxed for a while. Although this matter was dangerous, it was also an opportunity. They had not overcome this difficulty, and he also became a peripheral disciple of Qingyang Sect. , this is definitely good news for him.

On the third day after Zhao Hai and Wu Yang drank, Wu Yang once again sent someone to invite Zhao Hai over. After Zhao Hai came over, Wu Yang excitedly gave him a token and a jade slip. Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai took the token. It turned out to be an identity token that represented his identity. And inside that jade slip was a set of talisman-making methods. Although this set of talisman-making methods was very simple, with only twenty steps. The production method of the talisman is very simple, and the materials used are also very simple. The power of this talisman is not small, but it is all disposable.

But even so, Zhao Hai was already very satisfied. After thanking Wu Yang, Zhao Hai returned to the Ancient Sword Gang. At this time, Hu Zhi was already preparing to take people out to collect medicine. , in more than two months, the sky will cool down. By that time, it will be very difficult for them to go out to collect herbs, so they must collect more before the weather turns cold. Medicine and prepare more things for winter.

On the day Hu Zhi and the others went to collect herbs, Zhao Hai received news from Hell Gate and asked him to go to Hell Gate immediately. There was a task for him. Zhao Hai said hello to Shopkeeper Wu that day. Then he went to Hell Gate. Of course, he couldn't tell Shopkeeper Wu that he was going to Hell Gate. He only said that he had to go out to do something. It would take a while before anything happened. If Shopkeeper Wu found him If anything happens, we have to wait until he comes back.

Although Shopkeeper Wu was not very optimistic about this matter, he did not say anything. Zhao Hai was also a monk, and everyone had their own things to be busy with. Not to mention, although Zhao Hai was considered a member of the Qingyang Sect, he said To be honest, Zhao Hai is at most half a member of the Qingyang Sect, so it's hard for him to say anything. After all, he is not Le Wenzhen.

After Zhao Hai arrived at the Gate of Hell, he immediately went to King Ping Ping. When he arrived at the Infinite Hell, King Ping Ping was already waiting for him. When he saw Zhao Hai arriving, King Ping Ping said: "This time, there are two people calling you back. One thing I want to tell you, for the first time, is that you are already a formal member of Hell Gate. Some things in Hell Gate can already be told to you, including the secret strongholds of Hell Gate in some places. Let you know that only in this way can he complete the task better and faster. The second is this mission. Your mission this time is not to kill people, but to track down something. This is it. Take a closer look. ." After saying that, King Pingping threw a painting in front of Zhao Hai. The painting only had a piece of paper, but the paper seemed to be an iron plate. It flew flatly in front of Zhao Hai and stopped there.

This made Zhao Hai stunned. He really didn't expect that the gates of hell were all made of paper. He took the painting, looked at the things on the painting carefully, and then his His eyes couldn't help but shrink, and he turned to King Ping Ping and said: "Your Highness, I have seen this thing before. When I was dealing with Yuchi Tiedan of Xuanjia Sect, I saw it in his room. It was in his room." It’s on the inside, you can’t go wrong.”

The thing Zhao Hai painted was the broken sword in Yuchi Tiedan's room. The broken sword could contact the Yuedu people. There was actually a ghost in the broken sword, so Zhao Hai was very impressed. He At that time, I was afraid of being discovered by those who saved people, so I didn't touch the broken sword. However, I didn't expect that King Ping Ping would ask Zhao Hai to track down the broken sword.

When King Pingping heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Are you really sure? You must know that there is more than one broken sword in the world, and there are also more than one broken swords with similar shapes. , why are you so sure that the broken sword in Yuchi Tiedan's room is the broken sword in the painting?"

Zhao Hai immediately said: "It's absolutely not wrong, I can be sure, because the broken sword in Yuchi Tiedan's room also had a trace of Yin Qi, just like what was written on it, I was very worried at that time I was curious, but in the end I didn’t touch the broken sword, because I felt that the broken sword was not simple, and I didn’t like things with heavy yin energy, so I didn’t take it. Where has the broken sword gone now? I don’t know.”

King Pingping nodded and said: "Okay, then you have completed this task." After saying that, he moved his hand, and a space bag fell into Zhao Hai's hand. Zhao Hai stretched out his hand to take it, looking at it with some confusion. Looking at King Ping Ping, King Ping Ping looked at Zhao Hai and said: "The jade box in this space bag is something that every disciple of the Hell Sect must carry with him. In the future, when he encounters something with Yin Qi on it, he will immediately Just put him in the jade box and seal it. No matter what you find, it will be the same, remember?" What King Ping Ping said was very serious, and Zhao Hai immediately agreed.

Then the King of Pingping nodded and waved his hand, and Zhao Hai bowed and exited the Infinite Hell. Now Zhao Hai was even more sure that the people at the Hell Gate had been dealing with the people who had transcended salvation. Otherwise, the King of Pingping would not let him. He was looking for this broken sword, not to mention those jade boxes. Zhao Hai was sure that these jade boxes must be used to seal those ghosts. It seems that the gate of hell has not dealt with the transcendent people once or twice, otherwise He would not be so well-prepared, and the more he was like this, the more curious he became, why did the people at the Hell Gate deal with the people who were saved? One is the gate of hell, and the other is the salvation of people. What is the relationship between them?

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.