c7889 Task

This time, King Pingping did not give Zhao Hai any reward, and Zhao Hai didn't care. He just replied back and forth. In a situation like this, of course the other party would not give him any reward, and of course he would not take this matter seriously. He took it to heart, so after coming out of King Pingping, he went directly back to Linyuan Town.

Although Zhao Hai really wanted to know what the relationship was between the Hell Gate and the Yuedu people, he never asked more. He knew very well that he couldn't ask more about these things now. If he asked, it would only arouse the other party's anger. Suspicion, he now knows some of the strongholds of Hell Gate on the edge of the endless abyss, which is enough.

After returning to Linyuan Town, Zhao Hai returned directly to his room, and then directly contacted all the Blood Killing Sect disciples who entered the Wanshan Realm, and told those disciples of the Wanshan Realm what happened here, and finally The main thing is to tell those disciples what the strongholds of the Hell Gate are on the edge of the endless abyss. At the same time, he also tells those disciples about saving people. Of course, more importantly, he also tells those disciples about the contact information for saving people. Ask those disciples to help pay attention to the matter of the magic weapon.

Zhao Hai did not tell anyone that he returned to Linyuan Town, and he did not let Xiaojiu and the others tell them, so no one knew that he had returned to Linyuan Town. Wu Yang even thought that Zhao Hai had gone out and was not here. Linyuan Town is here, so when Wu Yang received Le Wenzhen's message, he really didn't know what to do for a while.

In the end, Wu Yang found Xiao Jiu. Xiao Jiu was really surprised when he saw Wu Yang. Now everyone in Linyuan Town knew that Zhao Hai had become a peripheral disciple of Qing Yang Sect. Therefore, Wu Yang would not be surprised at all when he went to find Xiao Jiu.

As soon as Wu Yang saw Xiao Jiu, he cupped his fists at Xiao Jiu and said, "Brother Xiao Jiu, is Junior Brother Zhao Ying back?" Wu Yang was not polite to Xiao Jiu. He felt that Zhao Hai had become a peripheral disciple of Qingyang Sect. There was nothing to hide about the news, so he asked directly.

Xiaojiu received Zhao Hai's order, so naturally he would not tell Wu Yang, so he shook his head and said: "No, Brother Ying hasn't come back yet. Shopkeeper Wu, do you have something to do with Brother Ying?" Compared to Among the other members of the Gujian Gang, Xiaojiu is more familiar with and respects Zhao Hai, so he takes Zhao Hai's instructions very seriously.

Wu Yang sighed in disappointment, and then said to Xiao Jiu: "Brother Xiao Jiu, when Junior Brother Zhao Ying comes back, you must ask him to go to my place. I have important things to tell him. In total, Total." Wu Yang really takes this matter very seriously, because this is the task given to him by Le Wenzhen. If he fails to give the news to Zhao Hai as soon as possible, he may miss Le Wenzhen. That's why he said so.

Xiao Jiu responded, and Wu Yang sighed again, then turned and left. After Wu Yang left, Xiao Jiu immediately went to Zhao Hai and told Zhao Hai about Wu Yang coming to him. After Zhao Hai heard this, he also knew that Le Wen must be looking for him with something. He didn't dare to neglect, he thought for a moment and said in a deep voice: "Let's see, I will go to see Wu Yang now. If I go to see Wu Yang at this time, he will not doubt it. If I go to see him later, If Wu Yang says that, he might doubt me." After saying that, Zhao Hai walked out of the room directly, then left the yard with a movement of his body, and disappeared after a few jumps.

After a while, Zhao Hai appeared outside Linyuan Town and was walking towards the town from outside Linyuan Town. As soon as he entered the town, Wu Yang heard the news. As soon as he heard that Zhao Hai was back , Wu Yang really has no doubts. He thinks this is just a coincidence, but has no doubts that Zhao Hai has been staying in the town.

In Wu Yang's view, if Zhao Hai had been staying here in the town, he would definitely not pretend to return to the town right away. According to ordinary people's thinking, he would wait until the evening or tomorrow before returning to the town. If you live here in a small town, you won't arouse suspicion. If you return to a small town immediately, it will arouse people's suspicion.

But in fact, if Zhao Hai returns to the town right away, it will not arouse people's suspicion. On the contrary, if he returns to the town at night or tomorrow, it will arouse Wu Yang's suspicion. Wu Yang He is also an old Jianghu. In his opinion, someone like Zhao Hai is also an old Jianghu. It is absolutely impossible for him to make such a mistake. He went back to the town directly just after he went to find him. This is definitely something a rookie would make. 's fault.

It is precisely because of this that after Wu Yang heard that Zhao Hai had returned to Linyuan Town, he immediately called Zhao Hai to Qingfeng Yangyi Store, asked Zhao Hai to sit down in the living room in the backyard, and then said : "Junior Brother Zhao Ying, Master Le gave this to you. You should take a look."

Zhao Hai looked at Wu Yang with some confusion and said in a deep voice: "Master Le?" Although he already knew Le Wenzhen's name, no one had ever mentioned Le Wenzhen in front of Wu Yang and the others. name, so he couldn't show that he knew Le Wen's real name, otherwise, he might be suspected, so he behaved like this.

When Wu Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he was slightly startled, and then he said with a smile: "It's our Lord. You are also a well-known figure in Qingyang Sect. You have a straight temper and like to retaliate for injustice, so you are a good person." The nickname is Tie BiZhi. Your surname is Le and your given name is Wenzhen. I think when your lord wanted to see you, he had not yet determined whether you could enter the Qingyang Sect, so he did not tell you his name. Now I will tell you that it has been It doesn't matter, this is given to you by the adults, you can see it for yourself." After saying that, he took out a jade slip and gave it to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai responded, took the jade slip, and then used his mental power to probe into the jade slip. As soon as his mental power penetrated into the jade slip, he saw a paragraph appearing on the jade slip, which read: "Zhao Ying , you are now a peripheral disciple of Qingyang Sect, but you are a peripheral disciple under my command, which means that you are mine, so from now on, you can go out and do things under my banner, My name is Le Wenzhen, and my friends in the world gave me a nickname, Tie Bi Zhi Shu, to save my face. All you need to know is my name."

Zhao Hai was a little surprised when he saw this. He really didn't expect that Le Wenzhen would tell him his name in the jade slip. But now that he knew it, he continued to look down and saw It reads below: "I accepted you as a peripheral disciple of the Qingyang Sect, gave you the formation plate, and gave you the training methods of the Qingyang Sect, just to let you do things for me. You just need to do things for me. , I won’t treat you badly. Now I will give you a task. This task is a long-term task. You can complete it anytime, but don’t let anyone know that you did it. Your task is to go to Fengliu There, kill the shopkeeper of Qingfeng Yangyi Store in Fengliu Town. The shopkeeper of Qingfeng Yangyi Store in Fengliu Town is named Wu Yiqing. This man is about five feet and seven inches tall and very thin. The most important thing is that , there is a big black mole on his left face with black hair on it, if you kill this person, you will have completed your mission."

When he saw this mission, Zhao Hai couldn't help but frowned slightly. He raised his head and glanced at Wu Yang. But at this moment, the jade slip in his hand broke into pieces. Looking at the broken pieces, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile bitterly at the dropped jade slip, and then said to Wu Yang: "I already know the contents of the jade slip, so I'll leave now."

Wu Yang nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "You don't have to tell me what mission the Lord has given you, and I won't ask, because asking will not do me any good, and it will not do you any good either. That jade slip is disposable. As long as one person reads the content in the jade slip, the jade slip will be broken, so you can rest assured. I don’t know what kind of mission you have received, even if it is I won’t know if you are asked to kill me in the jade slip. This also means that you don’t want me to know your mission, so I will only give you the jade slip in the future. You must not do any kind of mission. Tell me, like today.”

Zhao Hai responded, then stood up, saluted Wu Yang, then turned and left. When Zhao Hai left, Wu Yang took a breath. He really didn't know what the mission in the jade slip was. He won't ask, because he knows very well that the more he knows, the more dangerous it is.

Wu Yang knows that he is different from Zhao Hai. Although Zhao Hai is a peripheral disciple of Qingyang Sect, he is just a dead soldier of Qingyang Sect disciples. There are many dead soldiers like this in Qingyang Sect. , every disciple of the Qingyang Sect can absorb many such dead warriors. Such dead warriors only have the name of a disciple of the Qingyang Sect. They do not get any benefits or benefits. They only act when they act. , if necessary, they will act in the name of Qingyang Sect. If they offend those people who Qingyang Sect does not care about, Qingyang Sect will naturally recognize their identity. If they offend those who are the capital of Qingyang Sect, If they cannot afford to offend, the Qingyang Sect will not recognize their identity. It can be said that they are chess pieces that can be discarded at any time.

But Wu Yang is different. Wu Yang is a recorded servant disciple of Qingyang Sect. Although his status in Qingyang Sect is very low, he is indeed a member of Qingyang Sect. If he does anything, then Qingyang Sect will Regardless of whether Yangzong admits it or not, people will blame Qingyangzong for this matter.

It is precisely because of this that Wu Yang cannot become Le Wen's real dead soldier, but Zhao Hai can become Le Wen's real dead soldier. On some levels, Zhao Hai's status is higher than Wu Yang's, but for Qing Yang According to Zong Lai, Zhao Hai's status is absolutely incomparable to that of Wu Yang.

Although Wu Yang has been helping Le Wenzhen with things and is a member of Le Wenzhen, he is only a member of Le Wenzhen. He is not a dead soldier of Le Wenzhen. He is assigned to Le Wenzhen by the Qingyang Sect. Servant, so Le Wen really has some shady things that he will ask Zhao Hai to do, but he will not be allowed to do it.

Wu Yang knew this very well, and it was precisely because he knew this that Wu Yang would not let himself be completely involved in this matter. He would never ask Zhao Hai. Le Wen really asked Zhao Hai What is Hai's mission, because he knows very well what mission Le Wenzhen has given Zhao Hai, but it is of no benefit to him at all.