c7884 iron straight book

Hu Zhi looked at Yang Chen and said in a deep voice: "After all, Mr. Wu Yang is still in charge of the affairs in Linyuan Town. We will not talk to Mr. Yang anymore. Mr. Wu Yang can ask Mr. Yang to come to us. It also allowed us to see Lord Wu Yang’s sincerity, and we have to appreciate it. If Lord Yang, you can inform Lord Wu Yang, please inform Lord Wu Yang, and we will go to Linyuan Town to find him. We’ll say goodbye.” After saying that, Hu Zhi clasped his fists at Yang Chen, Zhao Hai and Scarface also clasped their fists at Yang Chen, and then the three of them turned around, straightened up, and had already left the town and entered the woods directly.

After the three of them disappeared into the woods, Yang Chen glanced at the three of them, and then he smiled suddenly and murmured: "Interesting, really interesting, anyway, I really want to see this. How will this matter be resolved in the end?" After saying that, he also moved and went directly back to his store to write a letter to Wu Yang.

And just when Yang Chen returned to the store to write a letter to Wu Yang, several people also returned to the store to write letters to people from their own sects. These people were naturally White Stone Academy and Iron Arm Sect. and the people of Xuanjia Sect, although they don’t know what happened in Linyuan Town, one thing is certain, that is, some remarkable changes must have happened in Linyuan Town, otherwise , Yang Chen couldn't talk to Hu Zhi with that kind of attitude, they had to ask clearly to avoid any loss to their sect.

However, Hu Zhi and the three of them had already entered the woods, and then their figures quickly lifted up in the woods. They had turned in several directions in a few seconds, and then they headed towards the woods. In the blink of an eye, They had already gone deep into the woods for about a hundred miles before they stopped.

After they stopped, Hu Zhi took a deep breath, then turned around and glanced behind him, and said in a deep voice: "No one is chasing you, right? It's okay, it should be that the masters from the four sects haven't arrived yet, otherwise If so, we will really be dead." Hu Zhi was really nervous. To be honest, this was the first time he talked to people from the four sects like this.

Scarface was saying something, but Zhao Hai spoke first: "Brother, I think the people of Qingyang Sect seem to be very sincere. Otherwise, let's talk to them. We always let everyone hide in the woods. It’s not a problem, after all, we still have a lot of children, and if we enter other towns now, I’m afraid there won’t be any good results.”

As soon as Zhao Hai said these words, Hu Zhi and Scarface were both stunned. Both of them looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion, because their original plan was not like this. This time they were retreating in order to advance. Once they came out, the medicinal materials sold were fake. In fact, they were just to let the sects discover them so that they could increase their bargaining chips with the sects. This proposal was made by Zhao Hai. Why did he say such a thing again now? .

Just when they looked at Zhao Hai, they found that Zhao Hai was also looking at them, but one of Zhao Hai's eyes blinked slightly. When they saw Zhao Hai like this, Hu Zhi and Scarface instantly They understood that these words were meant for others. They didn’t know who they were, but they also knew what they should say at this time. When he thought of this, Hu Zhi immediately said: "Brother, I also want to talk to the people from the Qingyang Sect, but I'm afraid, how can the strength of us people compare with those of the sects? If one of us fails, we will die if we pass, so I really I don’t dare to talk to them. If we die, it will be difficult for those old and weak people left to survive.”

As soon as he finished speaking, he heard a voice saying: "So, what you said in the city is true?" This voice appeared very suddenly, with a cold voice, and sounded very young. The three people quickly looked in the direction of the sound, and Hu Zhi shouted loudly: "Who? Come out?"

In fact, without them shouting, they saw a monk wearing a blue robe flying out of the woods. His feet did not touch the ground, and he had his hands behind his back. He looked very handsome, but when he saw this man Zhao Hai and the others' expressions changed, because this person's attire was clearly a disciple of the sect, and a disciple of the Qingyang Sect. Before Hu Sheng and Scarface could react, Zhao Hai He had already bowed deeply to the man and said, "I have met you, sir."

Hu Zhi and Scarface also reacted immediately, and they quickly saluted the man and said, "I have met you, sir." Looking at the other person's clothes, it was obvious that he was an official disciple of the Qingyang Sect. Such a person would never be tolerated by them. Even if they have the ability to kill the offended person, the Qingyang Sect will definitely avenge him. When the time comes, people like them will still not be able to escape death, so it is absolutely necessary to salute such people.

The man waved his hand, then glanced at Hu Zhi and the three of them, and then said in a deep voice: "I have heard what you said in Jusha Town before. Now tell me carefully what is going on. Son, if you dare to say anything that is not true, don't blame me for being rude." He had the confidence to say such things, because he did not represent himself, but the entire Qingyang Sect.

Hu Zhi and the others looked at each other, and then Zhao Hai clasped his fists at the man and said, "Sir, when this happened, Brother Hu and the others were collecting herbs outside. I was the only one left in Linyuan Town, so I will follow you." Can you tell me something?" Zhao Hai knew that at this time, he had to come forward himself, because what Hu Zhi came to say might be wrong. If that was the case, it would be dangerous.

The man nodded and said in a deep voice: "Tell me." Zhao Hai responded, and then began to tell the man what happened in Linyuan Town. He did not exaggerate or say anything more, he just told the truth. , but he did not say that it was Lao Liutou who gave him the news, he just said that he had received the news, and he had received it twice.

When Zhao Hai finished speaking, the man glanced at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Where did your news come from?" He had heard Zhao Hai talk about his hand in Jusha Town before, but he actually already knew what Zhao Hai said. It was true, but he was still very curious about where Zhao Hai got the news.

Zhao Hai saluted him and said: "Sir, please forgive me for being rude. I cannot tell you the source of the news. This is for the safety of the person who gave us the news. We have done such ruthless and unjust things. "Zhao Hai said this on purpose. He was betting that this person from the Qingyang Sect would let them go if his conscience was still intact. If this person really wanted to kill them, then Zhao Hai would not be there. To be polite, just kill him directly.

When Hu Zhi and Scarface heard what Zhao Hai said, they were stunned at first, but then showed no expression. They also knew that they could not tell that person the source of the news. If they did, Old Liu Tou and the people from Ke Laixuan The exposure is small, but the consequences are huge. Old Liutou may represent Mother Lanka, but Ke Laixuan and the others represent the Gate of Hell. They cannot afford to offend either of these two forces. So not saying anything like Zhao Hai is the best choice.

The man glanced at Zhao Hai, then nodded and said: "Yes, at this time, you still know how to protect your own people. You performed very well. That's all. I don't care where your news came from. You I also know what you said, now follow me back to Linyuan Town, I can guarantee your safety."

Upon hearing what he said, Zhao Hai and the three of them looked at each other, and finally nodded. Then they saluted the man and responded. They knew very well that they had no choice at this time, so they could only Follow that person and fly towards Linyuan Town.

Although Hu Zhi and the others are not very strong, they can still fly. The reason why they did not fly before was because if they flew in the woods, they were not flexible enough. If they flew above the woods, they would not be able to hide their identities. , so they can only use the lifting technique.

Now that the man was taking him with him, they could only follow. Flying over the woods, their speed was much faster. In a short while, they were almost arriving at Linyuan Town. They were still about ten miles away from the town. Suddenly, a fat figure suddenly flew out of the woods and stopped in front of them.

As soon as the fat man saw the man flying in front of Zhao Hai and the others, his expression suddenly changed, and a stream of cold sweat formed on his head. Then he knelt down in the air and said to the man. : "Wu Yang kowtows, sir." As he said this, he kowtowed repeatedly in the air, as if he was very scared.

The man looked at Wu Yang, snorted coldly, and then said in a deep voice: "Wu Yang, when I was in Jusha Town just now, I met these three people. They said that they were from the Gujian Gang and had been living in Here in Linyuan Town, we have to retreat now, I wonder if what they said is true?"

Wu Yang said quickly: "My lord, what they said is all true. It was because my subordinates were temporarily blinded by lard that they did such a thing. My lord, this was all the idea of ​​Shopkeeper Chen of the Xuanjia Sect. He said that my subordinates have no choice but to cooperate with him. If they don’t cooperate with him, he will use the power of Xuanjia Sect to deal with us. My subordinates have no choice but to cooperate with them. Please spare my life, sir." Wu Yang He was really scared. He knew that some disciples in the sect did not fully understand some of the things that happened among the casual cultivators. It was precisely because of this that they were able to take action.

Moreover, because those sect disciples have not left the sect for a long time, they still have a sense of justice in their hearts, so if they know about such things, they will definitely not look good on them, because what they did this time, It is indeed not very glorious. On the surface, they say good things because they are thinking about the people behind them. In fact, if they control the Gujian Gang and treat the people of the Gujian Gang as slaves, then they will be the ones who benefit the most in the end, not the people behind them. It is precisely because of this that Wu Yang was so scared when he saw the disciple of Qingyang Sect, because that disciple of Qingyang Sect was the person behind him, the disciple of Qingyang Sect, Le Wenzhen, And Le Wenzhen also has a nickname in Qingyang Sect, called Tiebi Zhishu.