c7885 have no choice

The reason why Le Wenzhen has such a nickname is because his magical weapon is an iron pen, and the other reason is because of his temper. Le Wenzhen has a very upright temper, and he will take care of him whenever he sees injustice. Guan, such a temper is very rare among monks, so he has such a name.

Le Wenzhen looked at Wu Yang and said in a deep voice: "Wu Yang, please tell me carefully why you want to deal with them. If you dare to tell the truth, don't blame me for not cherishing our friendship for many years." Le Wenzhen still said. I really want to know what Wu Yang thinks and why he does this.

Wu Yang responded quickly, and then told the whole story of the matter. He said it for a long time, starting from the time when the Gujian Gang took complete control of the entire Linyuan Town, and then started negotiating with them. The story of how shopkeeper Chen from Jiazong contacted them, how they prepared to deal with the Gujian Gang, how the Gujian Gang escaped, and how he searched for the Gujian Gang were all told one by one. .

After listening to Wu Yang's words, Le Wenzhen looked at Wu Yang with a gloomy face and said: "So, over the years, you have been purchasing medicinal materials from those in Linyuan Town at prices two levels below the market price. This time it is even more... Are you not satisfied with two levels of benefits and are you ready to get more benefits? Is that right?"

Le Wenzhen was not an idiot. He had already heard what was going on from Wu Yang's words. He really didn't expect that Wu Yang and the others would be so black-hearted and directly use the medicinal materials here in Linyuan Town. The price was lowered by two levels, and all the profits from those two levels went into Wu Yang's pockets.

Wu Yang kowtowed repeatedly and said: "Please forgive me, sir, please spare my life!" He looked so pitiful that he couldn't describe it. His fat face was covered with sweat. His performance made Hu Zhi and Scarface eat up. They were surprised to know that Wu Yang usually looked aloof in front of them, but he did not expect that he would look like this in front of this Qingyang Sect disciple.

Le Wenzhen looked at Wu Yang's appearance and snorted coldly. Then he waved his sleeves and a burst of energy flew out from his sleeves, hitting Wu Yang far away and causing Wu Yang to gulp blood. It spurted out, but after he stopped, he flew back immediately, still kneeling in front of Le Wenzhen.

Le Wenzhen looked at him and snorted coldly: "Okay, I'll spare your life this time. If you dare to do it again, humph, don't think that our Qingyang Sect doesn't have soul-drawing refinement." The ability of the soul." Wu Yang's body trembled, then he responded, stood up, and retreated behind Le Wenzhen.

Le Wenzhen glanced at Linyuan Town in the distance, then turned to look at Hu Zhi and the others: "I'm very satisfied that you didn't lie to me. If you dared to lie to me, you would be dead now. , now I give you a chance to take all your people back to Linyuan Town, I can guarantee your safety, go ahead."

Hu Zhi and the three of them looked at each other, then responded, then turned around and flew straight into the distance. Looking at their retreating figures, Wu Yang immediately said: "Sir, just let them go. , what if they don’t come back? If they don’t come back, there will really be no one here in Linyuan Town. "

Le Wenzhen said in a deep voice: "This is an opportunity I give them. If they return to Linyuan Town, I will keep them safe. I can also help them solve this matter. If they dare not come back, then There is no need for them to exist in this world. Let's go to Linyuan Town. I really want to see what the other three sects mean." After saying that, he flew towards Linyuan Town, and Wu Yang quickly Followed.

At this time, Hu Zhi and the others had already flown far away. They turned around and took a look and found that they could not see Le Wenzhen. Hu Zhi took a deep breath, then turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, now What should we do? We really have to take everyone back, right? What if that guy from the Qingyang Sect turns against us?"

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, and then said in a deep voice: "If that guy turns his back, then we have no choice but to fight with them, but if we don't take him back, I'm sure that guy will definitely They will fall out with us, and then we will really be dead."

When Hu Zhi and Scarface heard what Zhao Hai said, they both stopped talking. After a while, Hu Zhi smiled bitterly, then turned to look at Scarface, then looked into the distance, sighed and said: "Strength, The gap in strength is too big. Look at the way that Shopkeeper Wu, who usually stands tall in front of us, looks like in front of the disciples of Qingyang Sect. That's all, let's not talk anymore. Let's go and pick up people. We'll go back. Linyuan Town.”

The two followed, and the three of them flew forward. While flying Hu Zhi, they said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, how did you discover that person from Qingyang Sect before? If you hadn't discovered that person from Qingyang Sect, , if we say that, he will know our plan, and he will definitely not let us go."

Scarface also nodded and said: "Yes, although that person from Qingyang Sect seems to be a nice person, if he knows that we are actually retreating in order to blackmail them, he is afraid that he will immediately He would kill us, but luckily you found out, otherwise we might really be doomed."

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said in a deep voice: "Don't forget, I already have the Dharma. When we were walking in the woods, I heard a slight sound of breaking wind behind me. To be safe, I said When I said those words, I didn't expect that the other party would be someone from the Qingyang Sect."

Of course Zhao Hai was lying. In fact, he knew that the other party was from Qingyang Sect, and he also knew that the other party had already heard their conversation with Yang Chen when they were in Juxiao Town, and then He kept following them, and it was precisely because the other party had a dissatisfied expression on his face when he heard Yang Chen's conversation with them, that he took a gamble, and he was right.

When Hu Zhi and Scarface heard what Zhao Hai said, they also showed expressions of sudden realization. Then Hu Zhi said in a deep voice: "Fortunately we found him, otherwise we would be really unlucky. But what will happen to us now? Or Look at his face, oh, it's sad, this is the sad thing about us weaklings, we can't control whether we live or die."

Zhao Hai didn't say anything, just sighed softly, and soon they arrived at the hiding place of the Gujian Gang. After they returned to the cave, they told everyone what happened in Jusha Town. , then Hu Zhi said to everyone: "That's what happened. The other party is an official disciple of Qingyang Sect. If we dare not return to Linyuan Town, then we will face his pursuit. I can be sure that we will not If one person can survive, I won’t say anything else. All of us can only go back and take a gamble. Okay, let’s all pack our things now and let’s go.”

Everyone's faces were not pretty, but no one said anything. They knew very well that what Hu Zhi said was right. If they dared not to go back, then they would really be in trouble. Zhuiqing Yangzong Official disciples are chasing him, and they are afraid that none of them can escape, so they can only go back now.

To be honest, this feeling is really bad. They have completely put their lives in the hands of others. They only know whether they are alive or dead by looking at other people's moods. Such things, They really didn't want it to happen, but it did happen, so they had to do this.

The atmosphere was a bit dull, but no one spoke. The same was true for Hu Zhi and others. However, everyone quickly packed up their things and suddenly left the cave. After arriving outside the cave, everyone carried the children on their backs, and the rest The old and weak people below were also supported by others, and the group of people flew straight towards Linyuan Town. During the whole process, no one spoke, just like a group of prisoners waiting for trial.

Soon a group of people arrived outside Linyuan Town. Although they walked for a long time before, they were walking, but now they were flying, so the speed was naturally much faster. But even so, waiting When they arrived at Linyuan Town, it was already afternoon. In about an hour, the sky would probably get dark.

When Hu Zhi and the others entered the town, they found that there were already some people waiting for them in the town. There were two people leading the way, one was Lao Liutou, and the other was Wu Yang. Wu Yang saw When Hu Zhi and the others returned to the town, they all breathed a sigh of relief, and then said to Hu Zhi and Zhao Hai: "Follow me, I want to see you."

The two of them agreed, and then Hu Zhi turned to Scarface and Xiaojiu and said: "Scar, Xiaojiu, take everyone back to rest. Prepare food when you need to prepare it, do whatever you need to do, and forget about death. We also want to be full of ghosts." After saying that, Hu Zhi turned to Lao Liu and nodded, then led Wu Yang away.

The three of them arrived at Qingfeng Yangyi's shop soon. When they arrived in the backyard, they saw Le Wen Zhen sitting there drinking tea. As soon as he saw them coming back, Le Wen Zhen nodded towards the two of them and said, " Are you back? Are all the people from the Gujian Gang back to the town?" He was asking Hu Zhi these words.

Hu Zhi immediately said: "Yes, sir, everyone in the Gujian Gang has returned to the town. I have asked them to go back to their homes." After that, he stopped talking, and Zhao Hai continued Standing next to Hu Zhi, he didn't say a word, but at this moment, Le Wenzhen's eyes fell on him.

Le Wenzhen had just met with Wu Yang and knew when Zhao Hai came to Linyuan Town. He also knew that the changes in the Gujian Gang occurred after Zhao Hai came to the town. He also knew who Zhao Hai was. A monk with a Dharma form, so he is more interested in Zhao Hai than Hu Zhi.

Le Wenzhen looked at Zhao Hai for a while, and then said: "Zhao Ying, right? I heard that you haven't been in the town for a long time, but you have become the second person in the Gujian Gang? And I heard that you Have you been teaching the children in the town to practice? But is it true?" Of course he knew that these were all true, but it was just a question. Otherwise, it would not be enough to show that he was a superior.

Zhao Hai quickly said: "Yes, sir, I have just come to Yuan Town not long ago. Brother Menghu thinks highly of me, so I have my status today. As for teaching children how to practice, I just give random guidance. "

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.