c7896 attacked

For five days, Zhao Hai did not receive any tasks. He had been leading the children to collect firewood in the woods. You must know that there are more than a thousand people in the whole town. With so many people, how many people are needed in one winter? firewood? They had to prepare everything, so the amount of firewood they had to prepare was not a small amount.

On this day, Zhao Hai and Xiaojiu took the children to the woods again, still with the purpose of collecting firewood. Fortunately, those children now all have space bags, so it is actually very easy for them to collect firewood. Just put the firewood into the space bag, it's very simple.

Zhao Hai and Xiao Jiu have been following the children. In fact, all the things that should be taught in the woods have been taught. Now it is impossible to teach these children to fight in the woods, so there is nothing to teach. So Zhao Hai and Xiaojiu only need to pay attention to the safety of these children now.

While Zhao Hai and Xiao Jiu were watching the children collecting firewood, he suddenly received an alarm. Although the alarm came from the big trees in the woods, Zhao Hai couldn't help but be startled, even though he was also in the woods. There were some big trees found in the forest, but the big trees he found were all dead. Plus Zhao Hai is a planter, so as long as he enters the woods, it is his home field. .

Now he suddenly received a warning from Dashu, saying that someone was coming to them, and the number would be smaller, more than twenty. The most important thing was that these people seemed to have very bad intentions, which made Zhao Hai He immediately became vigilant. Zhao Hai noticed that those people were already within five miles of them. Although the distance of five miles was not very short in the woods, it was not very long for a monk. , so Zhao Hai immediately moved, came to Xiao Jiu's side, and said to Xiao Jiu: "Xiao Jiu, someone is coming, gather the children together immediately, and retreat out of the woods, quickly."

When Xiao Jiu heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then his expression couldn't help but change, and he immediately said: "Yes, Brother Ying." After saying that, Xiao Jiu immediately said loudly: "Gather, everyone, come to my place. Come and gather." His voice was very loud to ensure that all the children could hear it, but Zhao Hai was sure that those who came to them would not be able to hear it, because the woods in the woods were still very dense. It can play a very good role in silencing noise.

Just when the children started to gather, Zhao Hai said: "Leave this to you, I'll go see what those guys are like, remember, you must take the children back to the town, go ahead ." Xiaojiu responded, and Zhao Hai moved and disappeared into the woods.

Soon, Zhao Hai arrived in front of those people. He had already seen clearly the appearance of those people through the plants. There were twenty-three of them in total. They were all wearing gray warrior uniforms commonly worn by casual cultivators. However, their faces were all covered, and their magic weapons were already in their hands. They seemed to be ready to take action at any time, and their direction was exactly the direction of those children.

As soon as he saw this, Zhao Hai's eyes flashed with murderous intent. He quickly arrived in front of those people, and then moved his hands. The two enemies walking at the end suddenly felt the grass under their feet. They became very tenacious, and they stumbled, staggered, and almost fell down.

The others glanced at them, but did not look at them. Instead, there was a look of disdain in their eyes. The two people were also distressed for a while, but they did not say anything. Instead, they moved forward and moved forward. But at this moment, two branches suddenly stretched out from the big tree next to them. The two branches were pointed at them. Just when their old strength was exhausted and new strength had not yet been born, There was no way to hide, and they hit the branch directly. The branch was actually very strong, and it passed directly through their chests and exposed from their backs. The faces of the two were exposed. With an expression of daring belief, he finally slowly fell to the ground.

Others didn't pay attention to this at all and were still running forward. At this time, several more people were attacked by those trees. Finally, after eight people died, those people also realized that something was wrong. They Looking back, I found that those people were either hanging on the tree or fell under the tree and died immediately.

Those people are not rookies. They know very well that this is absolutely abnormal. Even if those people are weak in strength, they cannot directly hit the branches and stab themselves to death. You must know that they are all monks. , Monk, how could he die so easily?

A man shouted: "Gather!" Everyone who heard his voice jumped towards him and gathered around him. The man was holding a flying sword in his hand, looking around, and suddenly He said loudly: "Who is the master? Why don't you show up and see me." He was sure that someone must be dealing with him, otherwise those people would not have died in an unknown way.

Zhao Hai also dodged and appeared in front of them. When those people saw Zhao Hai, they were stunned for a moment, and then they all became nervous. The swords they held in their hands were all pointed at Zhao Hai. Only the leader was calm and looked at Zhao Hai calmly.

Zhao Hai looked them over, and then said in a deep voice: "Not bad, only a few people died, and you found out that I am going to deal with you. It's really good. Come, tell me, who are you and why are you here." As he spoke, he looked at those people with a look of contempt in his eyes.

The leader looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Sir, we don't seem to have any grudge against you, right? Why did you kill my brother? If you don't give us an explanation, don't blame us for being rude." Then The man was very calm and looked at Zhao Hai calmly. Although his tone was very rude, the weapon in his hand was not pointed at Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at the man, suddenly smiled and said: "You are not bad. You can still tell me this at this time. It is very good. Haha, don't you know why I deal with you? Our ancient sword The children of the Gang were practicing in the woods, but you guys, holding knives and swords, went straight in the direction of those children, and your faces were all covered. To be honest, it was difficult for you to let me I don’t doubt it, so what’s wrong with me killing you?”

The man looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Is it possible that Sir is going to kill us just because of a suspicion? We haven't taken action against you yet, right? But now you just killed eight of our brothers. Is this what Sir is doing?" Isn't that unreasonable?" When the man said this, he slowly raised the sword in his hand.

Zhao Hai looked at the man and sneered: "Okay, stop pretending in front of me. The way you are now, you have made it clear that you are going to deal with us. In this case, do I still have to wait? Are you slashing your knives at those children and then attacking you? Why do we have to wait for you to do something bad before we attack you? We are not those disciples of the sect. To kill you, we need a crime to deal with you. , there is no need for any charges at all.”

The man looked at Zhao Hai and snorted coldly: "What a domineering Ancient Sword Gang. Your Ancient Sword Gang is just a small gang, but it is even more domineering than those big sects. I really want to see it. What abilities do you, the Ancient Sword Gang, have and how domineering can you be?" After saying that, the flying sword in his hand flew out and stabbed towards Zhao Hai.

The other people behind that person all used magic weapons to stab Zhao Hai. However, Zhao Hai moved and retreated directly into the woods. His figure had disappeared. At the same time, his voice But a message came: "Hahahaha, of course our strength is not as strong as those big sects, but we are casual cultivators. We will kill you, but no one will care, so you just accept your fate." The voice fell, People also disappeared.

Those people all took back their magic weapons and looked at each other in shock. Their original plan was to kidnap those children directly, but they caught Xiaojiu. However, they did not expect that they would be captured by the other party before they met each other. They were discovered, and as soon as they took action, eight of them were killed. In this case, they were completely passive.

The leader withdrew his flying sword, glanced around, and said in a deep voice: "Let's fly to the tree. It's too easy to be attacked in this forest." After saying that, he moved and headed straight towards He flew up the tree, but as he was flying towards the tree, the flying sword had already grown in size and landed at his feet.

At this moment, the woods seemed to come alive. The big trees seemed to have suddenly turned into giant hands, grabbing at them. Several monks did not check for a while. It was unexpectedly caught in the hands of those big trees, and then there was a scream, and then there was no sound. This also shocked the others, and they immediately accelerated their speed and flew out of the sky above the woods. , Even so, only ten of them flew over the woods in the end, and the others all died in the woods.

The leader looked at the woods below with an ugly expression. The information they received was that Zhao Hai was a physical practitioner, but they never expected that Zhao Hai could also use wood-type spells. It was precisely because of this. This is why they were killed by Zhao Hai so many people at once.

At this moment, a person suddenly appeared in front of them. They took a closer look and saw that it was Zhao Hai. Their eyes immediately turned red. The leader looked at Zhao Hai and said fiercely: "Zhao Ying, I will definitely kill you to avenge my brothers." After saying that, he started to take action.

Zhao Hai looked at the man, but smiled slightly, then waved his hand and said in a deep voice: "Okay, don't talk nonsense, you should know that your brothers died unjustly, we are all casual cultivators, Everyone should understand that after making a decision, there will be life and death. There is no principle that you are the only one who kills and no one is allowed to kill you. Let’s make it clear. Why do you come to deal with our Ancient Sword Gang? Our Ancient Sword Gang , it’s just a small gang, and it’s a small gang in a place like Linyuan Town. We have nothing worth doing for you, but you still want to do it to us. This is really very curious. .”

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.