c7893 Refining

Zhao Hai looked at the stone box in front of him and was a little confused. This stone box was given to him by Wu Yang, and he told him that it was a reward given to him by Le Wenzhen, saying that it was a magic weapon specially used for physical training. But he only said so much, and then left, leaving Zhao Hai staring blankly at the stone box.

After looking at it for a long time, Zhao Hai reached out and gently touched the stone box. His hands were cold, as if he were touching a stone. He picked up the stone box again and tried it, but in the end he found that The weight of the stone box turned out to be very heavy, which made Zhao Hai even more curious. He really wanted to know what this stone box was.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but input his spiritual energy into the stone box. Soon the stone box cracked open, and then a set of stone helmets and stone armor emerged from it, which was put directly on his body, but at the same time he He also felt that his body sank slightly, and what surprised Zhao Hai even more was the stone box. The stone box turned into a large shield with six sides and four sides, directly blocking Zhao Hai's chest and back. On his back, the two smaller ones were attached to his forearms, turning into two arm shields, but to be honest, they looked really ugly.

This armor is also very ugly. It looks angular. With the shield turned into a stone box, it looks like a robot made of stone. It is square and weird. This surprised Zhao Hai. Then he moved his body, but he felt that the armor was really heavy.

But Zhao Hai felt as if something was calling him. He felt it carefully and found that it was this set of stone armor that was calling him, and he could also feel what this set of stone armor wanted him to do. He was hungry and wanted to eat, and that's how Zhao Hai got the message.

Zhao Hai thought, and countless spiritual energy poured directly into the stone armor. The stone armor seemed to turn into a bottomless pit at that moment, and began to absorb the spiritual energy with all its strength, absorbing one third of Zhao Hai's spiritual energy. Then it stopped, and then Zhao Hai felt that a set of information entered his mind directly.

Zhao Hai looked at the information he had just received. This information was exactly the method and function of this set of armor. After reading it, Zhao Hai looked overjoyed because he discovered that this armor was not actually for physical training at all. Equipment, this set of armor is an ordinary magic weapon that can be used by anyone. It has a blessing effect on all monks.

If you are a capable monk and get this set of armor, as long as you input enough spiritual energy, then this set of armor will be an ordinary magic weapon that can be used for defense, but the six shields can fly out to attack the enemy. Attack or defense, the effect is still very huge.

If a monk like Sword Cultivator gets this set of armor, the six-sided shield can even turn into a giant sword to attack the enemy. When wearing armor, it can defend the monks, and its defense power is very strong. When attacking, it also has earth attribute attack methods, and its attack power will also be very powerful.

If a monk who specializes in spells gets this set of armor, he will increase the attack power of these monks' earth-attribute spells, and the power is very huge. It can be said that this set of armor is very powerful. Of course, what surprised Zhao Hai most about the attribute-blessing magic weapon was another ability of this set of stone helmets, that is, it can be used on its own dharma. In other words, once you release the dharma, This set of stone armor can be used for Dharma. Your Dharma will be protected by this set of stone armor, and it can also be used for various functions. Magical weapons like this are very rare here in Wanshan Realm. It can be seen that The preciousness of this armor.

But this armor also has a weakness, that is, if you want to use those functions, you need too much spiritual energy. Zhao used one-third of his spiritual energy before activating this armor. This is just activation. This armor has all the above abilities. If you want to use those abilities, you still need to input spiritual energy into the armor. This is too torturous.

When Zhao Hai saw this, he couldn't help but shook his head and smiled bitterly. To be honest, this set of stone armor is really useless. To be honest, let alone others, even he will not use this set of armor, because he It takes too much energy. Who can use a magic weapon like this?

However, Zhao Hai can think of a solution, which is to refining the armor and engraving the yin and yang thunder pool inside, so that the armor has its own energy source. By then, the monk will wear it There is no problem with this set of armor.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but take off his armor with a thought, and then put it directly into the space, ready to put it in the Wanfen Manufacturing Machine to be refined again. At the same time, he analyzed that everything in the armor was... Some magic circle, and then carve the yin and yang thunder pool inside.

Just when Zhao Hai sent the stone box to the space, he heard a prompt sound coming from the space: "An unknown program is found entering the space, surrender immediately!" This sound appeared very suddenly, Zhao Hai heard He was stunned for a moment when he heard this sound, because he had not heard this sound for many years, because the space has been upgraded many times, and when ordinary things enter the space, there will be no beeps in the space. This is the first time a beep has sounded.

However, Zhao Hai came to his senses immediately. He quickly understood that the beep was directed at the armor, and he was also very familiar with the beep. This meant that in this set of armor, there was a Soul, that's why the space has such a prompt sound. Zhao Hai couldn't help but become more curious when he thought of this, and immediately focused his attention on the armor.

But at this moment, I saw a white light emitted from the space, which directly shone on the stone box of the armor. Then a yellow light appeared on the stone box to resist the white light, but the white light soon wiped out the yellow light. It was suppressed, and finally the entire stone box, from top to bottom, was shrouded in white light. After a while, a voice came out from the space and said: "The program has been surrendered, you can use it with confidence." Then there was no sound. .

When Zhao Hai looked at the stone box, he found that the stone box had changed. The stone box turned into a stone box only the size of a fist, and each side of this stone box was engraved with " An elephant head, but Zhao Hai felt that there seemed to be a thin connection between this stone cube and him.

As soon as Zhao Hai thought, the stone cube appeared in his hand. Zhao Hai's mental power probed into the stone cube. Soon, information was transmitted to him from the stone cube. In his mind, he discovered that this stone cube had become another natal magical weapon of his, and its function was still the same as before, but it had an additional function, that is, this stone cube, It can also be used as a magical weapon and thrown out to hit people. It is very powerful.

This stone cube seems to have no weight in Zhao Hai's hands, but if it hits someone else, the weight is very huge. Ordinary monks can't block his blow at all. The most important thing is Yes, this stone cube no longer requires so much spiritual energy to activate.

Zhao Hai immediately understood that the reason why this stone cube needed so much spiritual energy before was probably because there was a soul in this stone cube, and that soul needed so much spiritual energy. The cube itself does not require that much spiritual energy.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile, but he still decided to refine the stone cube again, so he waved his hand, and the stone directly entered the space and fell into the universal manufacturing In the machine, Zhao Hai then made some requests, and immediately the universal manufacturing machine could flash. When the stone was taken out of the universal manufacturing machine, it had changed into another appearance.

The stone that was taken out is no longer square, but has become round, only the size of a walnut, and it even has a small chain on it, which can be hung on the body as an ornament. There is still an elephant carved on this stone, which looks very beautiful.

This stone not only has all the abilities of the previous stone, but at the same time, there are many yin and yang thunder pools in this stone. These yin and yang thunder pools can not only absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, store and refine themselves, but also have a certain degree of tolerance for themselves. The most important thing is that the extra spiritual energy will be sent to Zhao Hai's body to help Zhao Hai practice. This is really rare. Of course, all the original abilities of this stone are also available. It has been preserved, and when necessary, he can transform into the original stone box that is more than three feet high.

This is because Zhao Hai is afraid that Le Wen will really ask about it in the future. If Le Wen really asks where the stone box is, if he can't take it out, wouldn't something go wrong? Therefore, this stone can still be transformed into its original form. Of course, if it is against the enemy, Zhao Hai can also directly use it as a magic weapon. He can directly turn it into a meteor hammer to attack the enemy. .

But now that the stone has become like this, it can no longer be called a stone or a stone. Zhao Hai also likes this thing very much. After thinking about it, he looked at the appearance of the stone and smiled slightly: " Just call it Elephant Pearl, maybe it will sound better." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved his hand and directly hung the Elephant Pearl on his waist.

Zhao Hai is very satisfied with this magic weapon. He knows very well how rare a magic weapon like this is. He happens to not have any good magic weapons here, so he will use this one in the future. The magic weapon is fine. After all, this magic weapon is also very good. With this magic weapon, not only can his attack power become stronger, but his defense power will also become very huge. The most important thing is that he also has a special ability, which Zhao Hai just discovered, and that is this As long as he carries the elephant bead with him, he can continuously absorb energy from the ground into his body and exercise his body. If he is fighting, as long as he is not too far from the ground, the ground will continue to It is really rare to provide him with strength.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.