c7892 stone box

Zhao Hai looked at Wu Yang's appearance and couldn't help but smile slightly: "Yes, the mission has been completed. Please give this to the master, Brother Wu." Zhao Hai said while taking out a space bag, which contained It's the Jade Dragon Sword, as well as Wu Yiqing's identity jade token and skill jade token. Of course, there is nothing else except these things. If he does such a thing, the spoils will naturally be his.

Wu Yang didn't know what Zhao Hai's mission was this time, and he didn't ask any questions, so he took the space bag directly, and then said to Zhao Hai: "Complete the mission so quickly? It seems that the mission this time is It's not difficult, I'll report to your Excellency right now." After saying that, he took out a formation disk and then placed the space bag on the formation disk. With a flash of light, the space bag disappeared.

After Zhao Hai watched the space bag disappear, he saluted directly to Wu Yang and said: "Brother, I will take my leave first. If you have any instructions, just tell me." After that, he stood up He stood up, saluted Wu Yang, then turned and left.

Watching Zhao Hai leave, Wu Yang sent Zhao Hai all the way to the door, and then returned to the backyard, and then said: "He is full of murderous intent. It seems that his mission this time is not easy. Sir, you have such a Characters may be a good thing for adults." After speaking, Wu Yang sighed lightly and stopped talking.

Although he is a disciple of Qingyang Sect, he is also Le Wenzhen's subordinate. If anything happens to Le Wen, he will definitely be transferred back to the sect. He was punished by the sect, so he and Le Wen could really be said to be grasshoppers on a rope.

And the reason why he doesn't want to know too much about Le Wen is because if he knows too much, he may die. If he doesn't know, he may be safer. At least if something happens to Le Wen, Son, he might be able to save his own life, that's his plan.

At this time, in a house halfway up a high mountain, Le Wen Zhen was sitting in his room. His room could be said to be a separate courtyard, and Le Wen Zhen was outside the outer gate of Qingyang Sect. , he can be regarded as a prominent figure, and already has his own nickname, so he can get such a separate small courtyard.

Le Wenzhen's small courtyard is very ordinary. There are several trees planted around the courtyard. These trees can emit bursts of fragrance. This makes the small courtyard not only have a faint fragrance, but also there are no mosquitoes. Of course, although this small courtyard looks very ordinary, there are many magic circles in the small courtyard. If anyone dares to break in rashly, just wait to be attacked. Le Wenzhen will not show mercy. .

At this time, Le Wenzhen was sitting in his room, holding a space bag in his hand, and in front of him were several things, a jade-like long sword, an identity tag, and two jade pieces. Jane, the identity card is Wu Yiqing's identity card, the long sword is the Jade Dragon Sword, and the two jade slips, one is Wu Yiqing's Kung Fu Jade Slip, but this Kung Fu Jade Slip is the Kung Fu given to the disciples by the Qingyang Sect. The jade slip, and the other jade slip, was Zhao Hai's report on this operation.

Le Wenzhen has now read the jade slips of Zhao Hai's report. After reading the jade slips, Dong Wenzhen really didn't know what to say. He also didn't expect that Zhao Hai would show up in such a short time. Within a short period of time, Wu Yiqing was killed, and he also came up with this trick to frame the blame.

Le Wenzhen is almost certain that there will never be any trouble in this matter, let alone anyone doubting him. And Le Wenzhen is very satisfied with Zhao Hai's action this time. He accepted Zhao Hai , In fact, he just thought that Zhao Hai was very capable. If he gave Zhao Hai an identity and some benefits, he could get a chess piece that could be used. He thought this was a very cost-effective way, so he accepted Zhao Hai at that time.

And this mission is actually a test for Zhao Hai. He wants to see what Zhao Hai's ability is. If Zhao Hai's ability is strong, then he can give more important tasks to him in the future. If Zhao Hai completes a bad task, he will not give Zhao Hai any tasks in the future, and of course, he will not give Zhao Hai any benefits.

As for Zhao Hai only giving him these few things this time, but not giving him any other things, he didn't care at all. This is normal. If you let people complete the task, then the other party is completing the task. In the process of fighting, whatever spoils you gain belong to the other party and you cannot take them back. This is a tacit understanding.

Le Wenzhen glanced at the four things, then waved his hand and took Wu Yiqing's identity tag first. Then with a strong hand, the jade tag immediately turned into jade powder. He waved his hand casually, and the jade powder turned into jade powder. Raised out. Then he threw away all the two jade slips, leaving only the space bag and the Jade Dragon Sword.

The space bag was of no use to him, so he put it away directly. Finally, he focused on the Jade Dragon Sword. This Jade Dragon Sword looked really beautiful. The sword was more than four feet long. The white jade-like color on it makes the whole sword look simple and natural.

Le Wenzhen looked at the Jade Dragon Sword and nodded with satisfaction. He was still very satisfied with the Jade Dragon Sword. He played with it for a while, and then poured his mental power into the Jade Dragon Sword. From now on, this Jade Dragon Sword will be his, and he feels that the quality of this Jade Dragon Sword is still very good.

People have always had a wrong idea that sect disciples will not be short of magical weapons, but in fact this is not the case. Sect disciples are also short of magical weapons. For sects like Qingyang Sect, the supplies they originally received It is limited, and Le Wenzhen in Qingyang Sect is not the core disciples who can get whatever they want. Those core disciples are all the proud sons of the sect. Naturally, they can get whatever they want. He is just a Ordinary disciples, although they are famous, cannot get whatever they want.

And for a monk, it is very important for them to have several magic weapons on their body. In battle, damage to the magic weapons is inevitable, so it is also very important to prepare a few more magic weapons, and like A magical weapon like the Jade Dragon Sword can be regarded as an upper-middle-class magical weapon. Even Le Wenzhen doesn't have one in his hands.

After putting away the Jade Dragon Sword, Le Wenzhen began to think deeply. Zhao Hai completed the task this time. Although he might get a lot of loot, Zhao Hai got those things himself, not from him. He The reward that should be given to Zhao Hai must be given.

But what to give Zhao Hai is a problem. Zhao Hai is a physical practitioner and his requirements for magical weapons are not very high, so there are only two things that can be given to Zhao Hai, elixirs or exercises. When he thought of this, Le Wen's eyes suddenly lit up, and he thought of something, which might be suitable for Zhao Hai.

When he thought of this, Le Wenzhen immediately walked to his room, and soon reached the quiet room at the back. After he arrived in the quiet room, he walked to a corner of the quiet room, and then took a piece of green there. The stone slab was lifted up. Under the bluestone slab, there was a stone box. Le Wenzhen took out the stone box.

This stone box is very strange. The height of the entire stone box reaches about three feet, and the length and width also reach about one and a half feet. It is quite big. And on this stone box, there is actually an animal head carved on it. , but this animal head is that of an elephant, which makes the whole box look a little more mysterious.

Looking at this stone box, Le Wenzhen couldn't help but reveal a very complicated expression on his face. He got this stone box when he was doing a mission outside. That time when he went out to do a mission and was fighting with others, he was killed by someone. He was injured and fell into a cave, but he didn't expect that in that cave he actually got a set of exercises, a bottle of elixir, and a stone box.

What makes Le Wenzhen feel strange is that the set of exercises he got are the authentic exercises of Xuanmen, which are stronger than the exercises of their Qingyang Sect, and the inheritance is very complete. As for the bottle of pill, it is also It was used to improve his cultivation. It was precisely because he obtained these two things that his strength gradually improved and he became a famous figure in the outer sect of Qingyang Sect.

And that stone box is the stone box he took out now. He also looked at it and found that in this stone box, it was actually a set of armor, a set of armor for physical training, and this set of armor was also made of stone. It is made of, and it is full-body armor. When worn on the body, it is like putting a stone shell on the outside of one's body. The defense is very high, but the weight is also very heavy, and it is difficult to move.

Le Wenzhen also asked a physical practitioner to try it, and the person found that the armor's defensive power was only average, its attack power was only average, and it was also very heavy. Even if it was worn by a physical practitioner, it would be difficult to move. It will be greatly affected. It can be said that this is a completely useless magical weapon.

It is precisely because of this that Le Wenzhen has never been able to dispose of this set of magic tools. He can only keep this set of magic tools in his own hands. Now when he thought of giving Zhao Hai something, he suddenly thought of this A set of armor. There was no use keeping this set of armor in his hands. He wanted to dispose of it but couldn't. He had thought about finding someone who was not from their sect and then sell this set of armor, but he didn't expect that. After the other party tried this set of armor, he said he didn't want it anymore. This gave Dong Wenzhen a headache. Now just give him to Zhao Hai. Anyway, this is also a set of physical training. Even if Zhao Hai couldn't use the magic weapon, he couldn't say anything.

Thinking of this, Le Wen couldn't help but smile. Then he took the stone box and came to the front yard. He directly placed the stone box on the formation disk, then activated the formation disk, and directly transferred the stone box to Wu Yang. In the past, asking Wu Yang to give this stone box to Zhao Hai would be regarded as a reward for Zhao Hai.

When Wu Yang got this stone box, he was stunned for a moment. He was an old man of Qingyang Sect, so he naturally knew about Le Wenzhen's stone box. This stone box was very famous in Qingyang Sect. Everyone knows that this stone box is a waste, it is of no use, and no one wants it even if it is given away. Now Le Wenzhen gave this stone box to Zhao Hai. When he thought of this, he couldn't help but reveal a trace of laughter on his face. Weird smile.