c7890 Fengliu Town

Fengliu Town is 7,800 miles away from Linyuan Town. It is a small town. It is said to be a small town, but the area of ​​this town is larger than that of Linyuan Town. There are more than 1,000 permanent residents. , there are about 50,000 people who often move in this small town. It is precisely because of this that the situation in the small town is actually very chaotic, very chaotic. There are more than a dozen small and large gangs. There are about a thousand people in the gang, and there are only a dozen in the smaller ones. Each has its own territory and its own way of asking for directions. They are all very difficult to deal with. .

And here in Fengliu Town, there is also a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. Now this disciple of the Blood Killing Sect is already the leader of a medium-sized gang in the town. You must know that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect are all elites. For them, It is said that it is really too easy to control a gang, and the disciple of the Blood Killing Sect has just become the leader of this gang not long ago, and the methods he uses are also very fair. He is because of the gang. He became a gang leader only after his gang leader and those hall leaders were all dead. However, those gang leaders and hall leaders were killed in a fight with another gang. He was not to blame. Therefore, it can be said that it is natural for him to become the gang leader.

There are actually many shops here in Fengliu Town, including many sect shops, and Qingfeng Yangyi Store can only be regarded as a medium-sized shop here, because this is not the territory of Qingyang Sect and is not far away. Qingyang Sect is still far away, and it is already very difficult for them to have such a shop.

The Black Wind Gang is located in the city. The leader of the Black Wind Gang, Shi Yunyang, is sitting in the hall of the gang. Looking at the people in the hall, he said: "The territory of our gang has been snatched away by the Yulong Gang recently. Many, the Jade Dragon Gang has a life-and-death feud with us. Our old gang leader and several hall leaders all died in their hands. This hatred must be avenged, and the territory we lost must be taken back."

Shi Yunyang is a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. When he fought against the Jade Dragon Gang before, of course he did not use his full strength. It is precisely because of this that the Black Wind Gang was defeated by the Jade Dragon Gang. Only when the gang leader and several hall leaders are killed in battle can he become the new gang leader.

Now there are only more than 200 disciples left in their gang, but they have withstood the Jade Dragon Gang's attack and defended their core territory. Now his status in the gang is very high. , now everyone in the Black Wind Gang is very convinced of Shi Yunyang.

Now when they heard what Shi Yunyang said, everyone nodded and looked at Shi Yunyang with bright eyes, wanting to know what Shi Yunyang was going to do next. Shi Yunyang glanced at everyone, and then said: "We After this period of fighting, the Yulong Gang has suffered a lot of losses. In order to ensure its own safety, the Yulong Gang should not attack us in a short time, and people from other gangs should not attack us in a short time either. Come attack us, otherwise, their losses will be more than they can bear, and we also need to take a good rest for a while. I will retreat for a few days. During this period, you can also take a good rest, but remember Now, taking a break doesn’t mean we don’t care about things outside. If the enemy is attacking us, we must fight back, do you understand?”

Everyone responded in unison, and Shi Yunyang nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's all disperse. Remember, we have been more honest in recent times, but if someone dares to come to our territory, If you make trouble, fight to death and don't hold back. We just want to let other gangs know that we dare to fight hard. Anyone who wants to eat us will have to break two of his teeth. Go ahead. .”

Everyone responded, then stood up, saluted Shi Yunyang, then turned and left. They would not object to Shi Yunyang's order at all, because Shi Yunyang used such methods to stay. The Black Wind Gang, the Black Wind Gang's previous gang leader was killed, several hall leaders were killed, and they were about to be wiped out by the Yulong Gang. It was Shi Yunyang who stood up at the most critical moment and led everyone as if they were risking their lives. Attacking the Yulong Gang, he used a fierce force to drive back the Yulong Gang. Then he fought with the Yulong Gang for more than ten years. In every battle, he must fight for the first place and fight with all his strength. Only then did he forcefully defeat the Yulong Gang. The people were frightened and the Black Wind Gang's last territory was saved.

Now everyone in Fengliu City knows that the current leader of the Black Wind Gang is a madman, a madman who dares to fight you, so no one dares to provoke Shi Yunyang. It is precisely because of this that the people in Fengliu Town also give Shi Yunyang He has a name called Crazy Tiger, which means that he is like a crazy tiger. Don’t mess with him. If you mess with him, he will fight you tooth and nail. Few normal people will be willing to fight with you. A madman worked hard, so Shi Yunyang was allowed to defend the territory of the Black Wind Gang without exposing his true strength.

After those people left, Shi Yunyang returned to his secret room. After setting it up, he disappeared from the room. The next moment, he had appeared outside Fengliu Town, in the town. In the woods outside, Shi Yunyang saw a person. As soon as he saw this person, Shi Yunyang saluted to the person with excitement and said: "Meet the sect master."

Of course the person coming was Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai looked at Shi Yunyang for a while and then patted Shi Yunyang on the shoulder and said: "I have heard about you. Well done. You relied on your own strength without using any means. He has actually become the leader of a gang, he has performed well and done a good job.”

Shi Yunyang smiled sheepishly and said: "It's not that I didn't use any means. At least I didn't use my full strength. Otherwise, the leader of the Black Wind Gang and several hall leaders would not die, and of course I wouldn't either. Become the leader of the Black Wind Gang." Shi Yunyang still knew his situation very well. If he really took action with all his strength, the leader of the Black Wind Gang would never die.

If the people of Fengliu Town saw Shi Yunyang now, they would not believe it. Is this the man known as the Crazy Tiger? He actually had an embarrassed expression on his face. This was so terrifying, even scarier than when he was fighting with others. Unfortunately, no one in Fengliu Town could see this side of Shi Yunyang.

Zhao Hai glanced at Shi Yunyang and said with a smile: "It's already very good. What I said is true. It's really very good. You did a good job. That's all. Let's not talk about it anymore. I have confidence in you. I still have confidence in you." Tell me what I said before. I think you also know. How is the intelligence collection going?" Zhao Hai had already asked Shi Yunyang to collect intelligence about Wu Yiqing before he arrived in Fengliu Town. This time he was I asked Shi Yunyang to come over and ask for information.

Shi Yunyang immediately said: "Sect Master, the information has been collected. Take a look." After saying that, he gave a piece of jade slip to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai took the jade slip and swept his mental power into it. The information in the jade slips is still very detailed. Not only Wu Yiqing's strength, but also Wu Yiqing's action patterns are clearly remembered.

After Zhao Hai saw it, a smile appeared on his face. Then he looked at Shi Yunyang and said, "That Wu Yiqing is really having an affair with a concubine of the leader of the Yulong Gang in town? This is really interesting. , It seems that I can blame the Jade Dragon Gang for this matter, which can be regarded as doing you a favor."

Shi Yunyang smiled and said: "The leader of the Jade Dragon Gang is named Jin Huasheng. He is not a physical practitioner, but a very orthodox monk. His Jade Dragon Sword Technique is very powerful. I have fought against him, although he He hasn't condensed his Dharma form yet, but his strength is actually not weak anymore. As for Wu Yiqing, he hasn't condensed his Dharma form yet, but his strength is much worse than Jin Huasheng's."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, after you go back, collect some information about Jin Huasheng for me, and I will deal with him then." Zhao Hai has always attached great importance to intelligence, even when dealing with people like For people like Jin Huasheng and Wu Yiqing, he also pays great attention to the collection of intelligence.

Shi Yunyang smiled and took out another jade slip, gave it to Zhao Hai and said: "Sect Master, Jin Huasheng's information is already here, please take a look." Shi Yunyang knew Zhao Hai very well, although Zhao Hai this time He was helping Le Wenzhen with the mission, but as long as he could help him, Zhao Hai would definitely help, so he had already collected information about Jin Huasheng.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, took the information from Shi Yunyang, and then said to Shi Yunyang: "Yes, you can go back. You don't have to worry about the rest. Just protect your territory and be prepared." Shi Yunyang He responded, then saluted Zhao Hai, turned around and left.

After Zhao Di read the information about Jin Huasheng, the smile on his face became even thicker. Jin Huasheng was very strong, and he was also a very unruly person. If someone like this knew that someone dared to touch him, Concubine, he will definitely not be polite and will do it directly, so he can just take advantage of it.

After putting away the two jade slips, Zhao Hai entered the town directly. He had to go and see for himself what the two people were doing now, and then find time to start. Although he completely believed in Shi Yunyang's Information, but he still had to see it with his own eyes, first to familiarize himself with the terrain, and to find the most suitable opportunity.

The area of ​​Fengliu Town is indeed very large. After Zhao Hai entered the town, no one would look at him twice even if he walked on the street. After all, there were many people in this town. Even though it was night, But there were still a lot of people in the town, and Zhao Hai was inconspicuous among those people.

Zhao Hai didn't go to any particularly conspicuous place. He was just getting familiar with the terrain of the town. At the same time, he was also paying attention to the locations of Jin Huasheng and Wu Yiqing. Wu Yiqing's location was very easy to find. He was in the Qingfeng Yangyi store. , although it was night, he was checking accounts in the room at the back of the store, and it seemed that he had no intention of going out.

Jin Huasheng, on the other hand, was drinking. He was drinking with some owners of the shop. The place where he was drinking was in a restaurant on the territory of the Yulong Gang. Jin Huasheng had grown up to be a talented person. He seemed to be in his forties. Years old, he is dressed as a warrior. Although he is not tall, he has a trace of martial spirit. He is drinking and drinking happily.