c7891 layout

After seeing the situation of the two people, Zhao Hai directly found a place to hide. He didn't want to waste too much time on this task, so he planned to complete the task tonight, and he felt that maybe Tonight is a good opportunity. Jin Huasheng is drinking outside. It seems that he will not finish the drink in a while. At this time, his concubine will naturally have the opportunity to date Wu Yiqing.

Things were really as Zhao Hai thought. When Wu Yiqing was checking the accounts, he suddenly heard a knock on the door. The sound was very soft and rhythmic. Wu Yiqing listened for a while and then He stood up with a happy face, put away the account book, and then turned around and left the room.

When he arrived at the courtyard gate, when he opened it, there was no one outside. But Wu Yiqing didn't care at all. Instead, he glanced around, then closed the door and walked straight outside. He was outside the door. After turning around a few times and avoiding crowded places, he finally arrived outside the mansion of the leader of the Yulong Gang.

When he arrived at the back door of the mansion, he stretched out his hand and pushed the door open. There was no one at the back door and the door was not closed. He entered directly and then came to a yard at the back with familiarity. When he arrived outside the yard, He stretched out his hand and knocked gently on the door. His knocking sound was also very rhythmic, which seemed to be a code they had agreed upon.

The door creaked open from the inside, and Wu Yiqing stepped into the yard. There was only one little maid in the yard. The little maid just glanced at Wu Yiqing, then lowered her head and left. Wu Yiqing didn't care about him, but Go directly to the small building in the yard.

When he arrived at the small building, he went straight up to the small building. As soon as he arrived upstairs, he felt a red cloud floating towards him, and then he felt a very soft body, which hit him directly. In his arms, he was not surprised, but with a smile on his face, he hugged the soft body in his arms.

Only then did he see clearly the person he was holding. He was holding a woman of about thirty years old. This woman's face already had a slight wrinkle, but she was also the most charming age for a woman. Her whole body Just like a ripe peach, exuding bursts of fragrance.

Wu Yiqing looked at the woman and said with a smile: "Baby, you missed me so soon?" The smile on Wu Yiqing's face looked very frivolous, even slutty, and matched with the big mole on his left face , the whole person looks like an old pervert who went to a brothel, and it doesn't feel like a good thing to one person.

At this time, Wu Yiqing's hands were already moving on the woman's body. The woman was obviously not a fuel-efficient lamp. She smiled and said: "What do you think? Let's hurry up. That damn ghost went out to drink. I don't know. When will you come back, if you let him see you, you may not be able to leave alive."

Wu Yiqing laughed loudly, picked up the woman, and then walked towards the room. But they didn't know that everything they did fell into Zhao Hai's eyes. Of course, when the two of them were doing such indescribable things, Zhao Hai didn't look at it. He didn't have that habit.

Zhao Hai is actually still paying attention to Jin Huasheng. Jin Huasheng is drinking with his men in the restaurant. He is drinking happily and has no idea that he has been cheated by his concubine. However, Zhao Hai does not He didn't care, he was just waiting. He felt that his luck was really good. It seemed that he could complete this task today.

Half an hour later, Zhao Hai noticed that Wu Yiqing seemed to be leaving. His figure immediately appeared in the small building and restrained Wu Yiqing. At this time, Wu Yiqing was about to put on his own clothes. clothes, and the woman had not yet put on clothes, Zhao Hai directly restrained the two of them, and at the same time restrained the little maid.

Then he stopped looking after the three of them and kept paying attention to Jin Huasheng. Another hour passed before Jin Huasheng finished drinking with his men, then left the restaurant and walked to his yard. Go, Jin Huasheng is considered a figure here in Fengliu Town, so his house is still very big.

But it was obvious that Jin Huasheng didn't want to get close to any of his wives today, so he went directly to his study. But just when he entered his study, he was restrained by Zhao Hai, and then Zhao Hai He started to wait. There were still many people in Jin Huasheng's yard. He had to wait until these people stopped moving before he started taking action.

Soon, the yard slowly became quiet. When no one came out to move, Zhao Hai took action. He killed Jin Huasheng directly and then collected Jin Huasheng's body. He got up, but he took out Jin Huasheng's Jade Dragon Sword. It was a good sword. The whole sword was nearly four feet long. It looked like it was made of jade. It was all white, but it had a It has a warm luster, but it also gives people a very sharp feeling, so it is a good magic weapon.

Zhao Hai glanced at the sword, then searched Jin Huasheng's body, and finally found that he was wearing a space ring on his hand. The space inside this space ring was very large, and it contained some very precious things. , and there are a lot of spirit stones, but his Jade Dragon Sword is placed in a space bag of his own, not in this space ring.

Zhao Hai searched carefully in the interdimensional ring, and finally found a jade slip. The jade slip contained a section on martial arts, the Jade Dragon Sword Technique, and the matching inner strength and mental skills. Zhao Hai looked at it carefully. One glance at the Jade Dragon Sword Technique and he quickly knew how to use it.

Then he collected Jin Huasheng's body, and then went directly to his concubine's yard. In his concubine's yard, he first went upstairs and picked up Wu Yiqing, who was still restrained by him. He got up, got into position, and then took out the Jade Dragon Sword and stabbed Wu Yiqing's body a few times. Then Wu Yiqing's body turned around in the room, knocking over some tables and chairs, and finally Then he stabbed him in the throat with a sword, stabbing him to death. His body was thrown to the ground. Then, he stabbed the woman on the bed to death with another sword. Then he searched the room and found a space bag. A space ring, and a hidden compartment. In that secret compartment, he also found a lot of spiritual stones. He collected all these things, and then came to the yard, and then took the little maids in the yard. He was also stabbed to death with the sword, and then he left the yard.

After Zhao Hai arrived outside the town, he took out the space bag and space ring he got from the small building. He first took a look at the space bag and found that there were only some spiritual stones in the space bag, and There are two sets of exercises, but neither of them are too brilliant. This interdimensional bag was found in the woman's clothes, so naturally it cannot be something too good.

Then he took out Wu Yiqing's space ring and took a look at the contents of the space ring. This really shocked Zhao Hai, because there were actually a lot of spiritual stones in the space ring, as well as several sets of exercises. , and several magic weapons. In addition to these things, Zhao Hai actually found another thing, which was a fan, a broken fan.

If that fan was in good condition, it would have looked like a magic weapon, with fine steel as the bones and silk as the surface. However, now, several of the fan's bones have been broken, and the fan surface is also in tatters. The important thing is that Zhao Hai actually felt a trace of Yin Qi on that fan.

This surprised Zhao Hai. He had to know that he had found the fan from Wu Yiqing. The feeling of the fan was so familiar to him. It was exactly the phantom talismans made by the transcending people. He never thought that Wu Yiqing would have this thing on his body.

Zhao Hai thought for a while and took out a jade box. This jade box was the jade box given to him by the people from Hell Gate. Then he directly put the fan into the jade box, and then put the other things together. Then he left the area of ​​Fengliu Town, but before leaving, Zhao Hai wrote a letter to Shi Yunyang and told Shi Yunyang about the matter, but he asked Shi Yunyang not to attack the Yulong Gang now. If you help, it will arouse people's suspicion.

The falsehood he has come up with now is that Jin Huasheng found out that Wu Yiqing was having an affair with his concubine, so he killed Wu Yiqing in a rage. But after killing Wu Yiqing, he also knew that he was in trouble. Although Wu Yiqing's strength was not How about it, but the person standing behind him was Qingyang Sect, so he jumped away directly. In this way, the people of Qingyang Sect will definitely not let go of the Yulong Gang, they will not only hunt down Jin Huasheng , will also attack the Yulong Gang. When the people of the Qingyang Sect deal with the people of the Yulong Gang, they will not be too late to take action.

Naturally, Shi Yunyang would not object. He also knew that he could not act recklessly at this time and just had to wait quietly. After Zhao Hai had dealt with this, he left Fengliu Town directly and returned to Linlin. Yuan Town, but by the time he returned to Linyuan Town, it was already late at night, so he went directly back to his room to rest.

The next morning, after Zhao Hai got up early, he took little Lanka outside to practice contortion. The other children naturally followed. Zhao Hai was not in a hurry to see Wu Yang. He waited until after breakfast. Only then did Lanka and the others be allowed to practice, and then he came to Qingfeng Yangyi's shop in Linyuan Town and found Wu Yang.

When Wu Yang saw Zhao Hai coming to him, he was stunned at first, and then immediately led Zhao Hai to the backyard. After sitting down in the room, Wu Yang looked at Zhao Hai and said, "How is it? But do you need help?" Wu Yang has also been paying attention to Zhao Hai's situation these days. He knew that Zhao Hai stayed in the town for several days after receiving the mission and left three days ago. He did not think that such a few days would , Zhao Hai can complete the task, so he asked like this.

In fact, he didn't know that Zhao Hai had just left last night. The reason why he acted like he had left three days ago was just to prevent him from doubting his strength, so he pretended to have left three days ago. He looked like he was leaving. In fact, he had been staying with the Gu Jian Gang all along, but he just didn't let him know.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.