c7898 Lingfeng Sect

After returning to the room and treating Xiao Jiu's wounds, Zhao Hai looked at Xiao Jiu and said, "Xiao Jiu, are those men in black just now the ones who attacked Brother Lan?" Zhao Hai had already seen those black men. The clothesmen had already thought of this when looking at the weapons in their hands, and now it was just to confirm it.

Xiaojiu's face showed a trace of pain, unwillingness, anger and other complex emotions mixed together, and then he said solemnly: "Yes, they are those guys, but the guys who attacked us this time, their strength is much stronger than the ones who attacked us." Brother Lan’s people are far inferior in strength.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "I know you want to avenge Brother Lan, but don't forget the existence of Lanka. What you did today is very dangerous. If that guy just wants to lure the two of us away, and then in What about sending people to attack Lanka? Wouldn’t that make Lanka even more dangerous? So no matter when it comes, you must be careful and never fall into the trap of the enemy.”

Xiao Jiu's expression changed, and then he took a long breath, saluted to Zhao Hai and said: "Brother Ying, you are right, I was too impulsive this time, and I won't do it again in the future. By the way, Brother Ying, I was too impulsive before. Are there really enemies attacking us in the woods?" Xiaojiu didn't know what was going on in the woods yet, so she asked this question.

Zhao Hai nodded, then waved his hand, took out a magic weapon and a space bag, and said to Xiao Jiu: "These things are what those guys left behind, there are more than 20 people in total, all of them were killed by me, Those guys should be some ordinary casual cultivators, and their strength is very poor. It seems that today's attack was deliberately known to the enemy. When those casual cultivators attacked me, I tried to trick them, and they were indeed They came specifically for us, but unfortunately, I don’t know why they attacked, it’s really weird.”

When Xiao Jiuyi heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then his expression changed and he said solemnly: "You mean those men in black have united with other casual cultivators to deal with us? If that's the case, That is indeed a problem." Of course, Xiaojiu immediately connected the two things.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "I'm just afraid now that those casual cultivators are not united with them, but those guys have used other methods, such as spreading some false news, just like Qiu Wanqianyi before In this way, if someone tells him that Lanka has a sect token on his body, he will take action against you. If someone tells other casual cultivators that little Lanka has a sect token on his body, the consequences will be really disastrous. , then we will face a steady stream of attacks."

Xiao Jiu's face was also very ugly. He said in a deep voice: "Then what should we do now? It will take a few days for the elder brother to come back. What if they attack us these days?" Xiao Jiu I am still very worried about this matter. After all, Hu Zhi and the others are not in the town now. If someone is attacking them, it will be troublesome.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "When I led my children back to the town, I always felt like being stared at outside the town, but after entering the town, I no longer felt this way. Maybe the enemy doesn’t dare to enter the town, and maybe they have some scruples. If that’s the case, then the town should be safe.”

Xiao Jiu shook his head and said: "This is just our guess. Whether they have this idea or not, someone really knows this. Brother Ying, what do you think we should do next?" Xiao Jiu is gone now. idea, so he decided to listen to Zhao Hai's opinion.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Let's do this. We won't leave the town in the next few days. You are injured now. We can only guarantee safety in the town. We will talk after Brother Hu and the others come back." , I went out to take a look, and Uncle Liu is still outside helping to look after those children."

Xiao Jiu had no better way, so he could only nodded. Zhao Hai then walked into the yard. There was no one in the yard. Those children had long been led to the restaurant in the backyard by Old Liu Tou. Zhao Hai He quickly arrived at the restaurant. As soon as he arrived at the restaurant, he saw Old Liu Tou taking care of the children.

Old Liu Tou also saw Zhao Hai, he nodded towards Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai also nodded towards him, and then said: "Okay, kid, don't worry, Uncle Xiaojiu is fine, everyone is fine." Go back to your room, it'll be okay." Those children were indeed a little scared, so they all seemed very honest and returned to their rooms one by one.

After they returned to their room, Zhao Hai led Old Liu Tou to the front yard, to his room, and sat down in the living room. Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai solemnly and said in a deep voice : "Xiao Ying, what happened? Who did it? Rogue cultivator?"

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "It's not just casual cultivators. There are two groups of people who attacked us today. One group is casual cultivators, and the other group is not casual cultivators, but a group of people wearing black clothes and holding black daggers. Although there is only one person in black, I feel that there should be another person in black lurking in the complex." After that, Zhao Hai told Lao Liutou what happened.

After finishing speaking, Zhao Hai said in a deep voice to Old Liu Tou: "This matter is not simple. I suspect that this matter has something to do with Brother Lan's death. There should be a group of people who have been watching us. They are ready to pounce on us and kill us at any time, so we must be careful."

When Old Liu Tou heard what Zhao Hai said, his expression changed, and then he said: "It's those guys. It seems that this matter is really not easy to handle. What are you going to do?" Old Liu Tou knew There were many more people than Zhao Hai, so he seemed very nervous when he heard what Zhao Hai said.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "There is no other way now. I can only take one step at a time and wait for Brother Hu and others to come back. When I was outside the town, I could still feel that I was being stared at, but when I entered the town, , I can’t feel it anymore, so I think we should be safe in the town. Now that Xiaojiu is injured, we can just stay in the town and wait until Brother Hu and the others come back.”

When Old Liu Tou heard what Zhao Hai said, he frowned, but didn't say anything. He knew very well that Zhao Hai was right. There is really nothing he can do now and he can only stay in the small town. After all, there are too few people in the town now, and there are so many children in the town. If something really happens, it will not be a trivial matter.

Of course, Old Liu Tou also had his own ideas, so he saluted Zhao Hai and said, "Okay, if you need anything, just tell me, I'll go back first." After saying that, Old Liu Tou stood up. He got up and saluted to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai also saluted to Old Liu Tou and sent Old Liu Tou out of the yard.

After Old Liu Tou left Zhao Hai's yard, he returned directly to his own yard. After arriving at the yard, he immediately came to the back of the yard, took out his teleportation array from the secret compartment on the bed, and then wrote He picked up a jade slip, entered the teleportation array, and teleported out.

After sending the jade slip, he sat there quietly waiting for a reply. He believed that a reply would be sent back soon. Sure enough, a jade slip appeared in the teleportation array after a while. Old Liu Liu Tou picked up the jade slip and took a look at it. His expression changed. He suddenly stood up and stomped on the ground. After a while, Old Liu Tou walked out of the yard and walked quickly towards Zhao Hai. Walk to their yard.

Zhao Hai was very curious as to why he came back, but he still let him into the room. After the two of them entered the room and sat down, Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Zhao Ying, What I’m going to tell you today is related to Lanka’s life experience, so you must listen carefully.”

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, and then nodded, without much surprise on his face. When Old Liu Tou looked at him, he couldn't help being slightly stunned, but he still said: "You should know Xiao Lanka's life experience. , his father is a casual cultivator, and his mother is a sect disciple, I think these beards will tell you, if he can let you join the Ancient Sword Sect, he will tell you these things, right?"

Zhao Hai nodded, but still did not speak. Old Liu Tou then said in a deep voice: "Little Lanka's mother is a disciple of Lingfeng Sect. Do you know about Lingfeng Sect?" Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai When Hai heard Old Liu Tou say the three words Lingfeng Sect, his eyes couldn't help but shrink, because he knew very well what these three words represented, so he nodded immediately.

He does know that the Lingfeng Sect is a special sect in the Wanshan Realm. In the Lingfeng Sect, there is not a single male disciple, and all the disciples are female disciples. The Nine Transformations of Phoenix Dance is definitely one of the top techniques here in Wanshan Realm. The reason why it is called Fengwu Nine Changes is because this set of exercises has nine changes, which are suitable for almost everyone to practice. However, this person needs to add a woman to it. In other words, this set of exercises can be combined with chaos. Women practice.

In addition to the strength of the Lingfeng Sect, there is another point that is very eye-catching, and that is their relationship with other sects. The female disciples of the Lingfeng Sect are all good-looking, so the Lingfeng Sect is also very They are good at marrying with other sects and allowing their female disciples to form Taoist couples with people from other sects. This makes the relationship between Lingfeng Sect and any other sect very good. In the world of cultivation, All the monks want to marry a disciple of the Lingfeng Sect as their wife, and they all want to form a Taoist couple with a disciple of the Lingfeng Sect.

It is precisely because of this that Lingfeng Sect is very famous in Wanshan Realm. After so many years, through marriage, they have also established relationships with many large sects, forming a huge network of relationships, so Here in Wanshan Realm, there is also a saying that Lingfeng Sect is a more difficult sect to deal with than Tianxuan Sect, because once you deal with Lingfeng Sect, you will become the enemy of the entire cultivation world, because the cultivation world Almost all sects are sons-in-law of Tianxuan Sect, so no one wants to offend Lingfeng Sect. Even sects like Tianxuan Sect are not willing to offend Lingfeng Sect because they are afraid that their disciples will rebel.