c7894 iron-feathered bird

Zhao Hai put away the elephant beads with great satisfaction. Then he looked at the sky and found that it was already a little dark now. It was almost time for breakfast. Zhao Hai stood up and walked out. As soon as he arrived outside , and saw that Xiaojiu had led Lanka and the others back to the yard.

As soon as Lanka saw Zhao Hai, he immediately ran towards Zhao Hai and said to Zhao Hai: "Master, look, we have hit something good." As he spoke, he raised his hand and said to Zhao Hai In his hand, he was holding a bird with his fingers. This bird was very big, and it looked like a chicken was much bigger. The feathers on its body were all black and shining, and it looked like it was oily. The most important thing is that he was still very fat, but now he is dead.

As soon as he saw this bird, Zhao Hai couldn't help being stunned, and then whispered: "Iron Feather Bird, you actually hit such a good thing, great, this is really great." Zhao Hai did know him. This kind of bird was the same one they had seen in the introductions of some monsters they bought from Wu Yang's store.

This kind of bird is called the iron-feathered bird. It cannot fly, but the feathers on its body are very hard, as if made of iron. It is very strong and strong, and it can run very fast. An ordinary monk cannot do it at all. You can't deal with such a bird. Of course, these are not what Zhao Hai cares about most, what he cares about most is the ability of this bird.

The iron-feathered bird is one of the few monsters that can directly improve a person's physical fitness by eating it. The method of making this iron-feathered bird is also very weird, that is, after killing the bird, take out the internal organs, and then put them together with the feathers. Clean it. After cleaning, put the feathers into the pot and cook it. It needs to be cooked over high fire for ten days. You can add water in the middle, but the fire must not be stopped. After the stone days, the whole bird will be completely melted. It falls off and turns into a pot of soup. After drinking this soup, it will increase the defense of human skin, increase the strength of human muscles, and also increase the strength and speed of human beings. No matter who you are, no matter how old you are, drinking it will help you. The effect can be said to be a rare good thing.

Of course, this iron-feathered bird soup also has a special feature. Each face can only drink one bowl at most. Drinking too much is useless. However, an iron-feathered bird can only be drunk by a hundred people at most. It won't work, but even so, this thing is still very precious. Not to mention casual cultivators, even those disciples of large sects are rare to see.

Some sects still wanted to tame iron-feathered birds, but in the end they had to give up. The domesticated iron-feathered birds completely lost this ability. Only wild iron-feathered birds have this ability, so those large sects Domestication was abandoned, but large-scale hunting began.

Originally, these iron-feathered birds were not precious and were seen in large numbers in the wild. However, in recent decades, iron-feathered birds have rarely been seen in the wild. This has also kept the price of iron-feathered birds at a low level. It can be said that getting an iron-feathered bird is enough to make a person a rich man in the blink of an eye.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai was so surprised. He looked at the iron-feathered bird, then turned to look at Xiao Jiu and said: "Xiao Jiu, where did you get this good thing? Now you want to get an iron-feathered bird." Feathered birds are very rare." He was really curious, because the ability of this iron-feathered bird was really exciting.

Xiao Jiu said with a smile: "I am also lucky today. I don't know why I met one in the woods not far from us. It was shot by the little black demon. Brother Ying, what do you mean by this thing? How to deal with it? Have you sold it? What a pity, right? If not, we have to deal with it as soon as possible. This iron-feathered bird can be left in our hands for up to seven days. If we can't deal with it within seven days, he will It’s no use anymore.”

This is also a characteristic of the Iron Feathered Bird, and Zhao Hai also knows it. He thought about it, nodded and said: "Let's let it go for a few days first, and then do it when it's almost seven days old, because it's necessary It has been cooking for ten days. After ten days, Brother Hu and the others will be back soon, and then we will drink the Iron Feather Bird Soup together."

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Xiao Jiu also nodded and said: "Okay, let's do it like this. Let's all drink a bowl of iron heart bird soup together." Xiao Jiu was really reluctant to buy this iron feather bird. They are not short of spiritual stones now, but it is very difficult for them to buy elixirs with the spiritual stones in their hands. And things like Iron Feather Bird, which can improve physical attributes by directly eating them, They were really reluctant to sell it.

Zhao Hai gave the iron feather bird to Xiao Jiu, and then said in a deep voice: "Xiao Jiu, put it away and do it when the time comes. I don't know when there will be a task, so don't leave it here with me." Jiu took the iron-feathered bird, and without any politeness, he responded directly and put the iron-feathered bird away.

Zhao Hai took Lanka and the others to the cafeteria in the backyard to eat. After eating, he arranged for the children to go to bed, and he also returned to his room and lay quietly on the bed until Haishi, He then changed into Hell Gate's clothes, then took out his identity tag and put a trace of spiritual energy into it. The next moment, a white light flashed and he had disappeared into the room.

When Zhao Hai appeared, he had already appeared in a cave in the main hall of Hell Gate. A ghost soldier walked up immediately, saluted Zhao Hai and said, "I have met you, sir." This ghost soldier was The guard of this cave knew that Zhao Hai was a ghost as soon as he saw the clothes on his body, so he gave Zhao Hai a special gift directly.

Zhao Hai nodded and said solemnly: "Take me to the Hell Gate." It's not that Zhao Hai doesn't know the location of the Hell Gate, but he has to let this ghost soldier come and lead him. This is also the rule of the Hell Gate. , just to prevent him from running around when he is going to the Infinite Hell, he can only follow the ghost soldier and follow a fixed route. In this way, he is still unfamiliar with other places here at the Hell Gate. This is also hell. A way for doors to protect themselves.

The ghost soldier responded and led Zhao Hai to the Infinite Hell. After a while, the two of them arrived at the door of the Infinite Hell. Zhao Hai shouted to the Infinite Hell: "Ghost Shadow, please see His Highness King Ping Ping. I hope His Highness Please give me permission." His voice reached far into the Infinite Hell.

"Come in." The hoarse voice of King Ping Ping came, and Zhao Hai responded before walking in. He was really curious now. King Ping Ping seemed to be always in the Hell, no matter when. Come on, he is here in the Infinite Hell, as if he will never leave here.

When Zhao Hai walked to the middle of the hall, he heard King Pingping say in a deep voice: "Ying, you seem to have no missions recently, right? Why are you here in the main hall again?" His tone was very calm, and it seemed to be an ordinary inquiry. However, Zhao Hai felt that the pressure on himself was slightly heavier.

He hurriedly said: "Returning to Your Highness, I have a request to report. Your Highness, I have officially become a peripheral disciple of the Qingyang Sect. The Qingyang Sect disciple Le Wenzhen who accepted the disciple before has assigned a task to my subordinates. , to deal with Wu Yiqing, the shopkeeper of Qingfeng Yangyi Store in Fengliu Town, his subordinates went to Fengliu Town, killed Wu Yiqing, and blamed Jade Dragon Sword Jin Huasheng, and had already killed Jin Huasheng, but then The disciple found this in Wu Yiqing's space equipment, please take a look at it." After speaking, Zhao Hai moved his hands and took out a jade box, holding it with both hands and raising it above his head.

As soon as he saw the jade box, King Pingping was stunned for a moment. Then he couldn't help but let out a light sigh. Then with a wave of his hand, the jade box flew straight towards him and fell directly into his hand. Then he carefully He glanced at the jade box, but did not open it immediately. Instead, he tapped the jade box a few times. Then he put his hand on the lid of the jade box and took off the lid. However, although the lid of the jade box was lifted, there was a transparent shield covering the jade box, which looked very strange.

However, King Pingping did not pay attention to the box, but focused all his attention on the broken fan in the box. He looked at the broken fan carefully for a while, then he took a breath, and then put the box He closed the lid and said to Zhao Hai: "Okay, very good. This is exactly what the door needs. I didn't expect you to get it. Ying, I really saw you right. This is for you. This may be what you need most." What you want." After saying this, King Pingping directly threw a jade slip to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai took the jade slip but did not look at it. Instead, he saluted King Ping Ping and then put the jade slip away. This was also a courtesy. In the world of cultivation, what gift did you receive? It’s best not to open it right away. If it’s the same gift, it’s best to put it away and study it slowly later. If there are many gifts, the person giving the gift will prepare a gift list, so you don’t need to read it right away. .

King Pingping was very satisfied with Zhao Hai's performance. He looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Ying, your recent performance is very good. In addition, you have become a peripheral disciple of Qingyang Sect, so the sect has decided that you will not Are there any mandatory tasks given to you, so that when you complete the tasks in the door, there will be no conflict with the tasks of Qingyang Sect, which will make them suspicious, so you only need to complete the tasks of Qingyang Sect in the future. , but if you find this kind of thing, you must collect it immediately and hand it over to the door. If you have no way to collect it, you must also send a letter to the door immediately, telling the door the location of this thing. Do you understand? ?”

As soon as Zhao Hai heard what he said, he immediately understood what King Ping Ping meant. He also felt that if he had to do the Hell Gate tasks and Qingyang Sect tasks in the future, he would really be a little overwhelmed. He was originally Still thinking about how to solve this matter, when he heard King Pingping say this, he felt relieved. He immediately responded: "Yes, Your Highness."

King Pingping nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Ying, your most important task now is to gain Le Wen Zhen's trust. If you want Le Wen Zhen to value you, it is best to let him bring you to Qing Yang Sect. Go, if you can do this, then you will have completed the most important task in the gate. Of course, if you dare to betray the hell gate, then you should know the consequences. Do you understand me? mean?"