c7897 Man in black

"Go to hell and ask the devil!" The leader shouted loudly, then moved his hand, and the flying sword in his hand stabbed directly at Zhao Hai. The person behind him also released the flying sword at the same time. Stabbing towards Zhao Hai, they struck with anger this time, and their power was naturally extraordinary.

Zhao Hai looked at them, but he sighed slightly, shook his head, and then stepped back. At the same time, there was a small ball in his hand. This small ball seemed to be made of stone. There was a chain behind it, and then Zhao Hai shook his hand and threw the small ball directly towards one of the magic weapons.

when! With a crisp sound, the magic weapon broke. Then Zhao Hai moved his arm. The iron chain that had grown longer suddenly shook in his hand, and was directly hit by other magic weapons. On the weapon and the magical weapons around him, as long as he drew them, they were all sent flying out.

At this time, Zhao Hai moved his hand and took back the magical weapon in his hand, and the stone ball was naturally taken back into his hand. Then he turned around, and with the power of turning, the stone ball came back. It flew out from his hand and attacked a monk.

The monk had been guarding against Zhao Hai's attack after his magic weapon was taken away. Now when he saw the stone ball flying past, he couldn't help but move and dodged to the side, but at this moment At that moment, the stone ball turned and swept directly towards the monk. The monk was unprepared and was directly swept away by the iron chain of the stone ball. The iron chain seemed to be Like a sharp knife, it swiped directly from the man's neck, and the man's big head fell directly from his neck.

But the stone ball hit another person directly. The monk's magic weapon had returned to his hand. He immediately leaned back and put his magic weapon in front of him. He was not trying to block the stone ball, but was preparing to use his magic weapon to wrap the chain behind the stone ball.

His idea was good, but he forgot that the stone ball was also a magic weapon like his magic weapon. The stone ball hit his magic weapon directly with a loud bang. His magical weapon was directly smashed into pieces, but the man, as if struck by lightning, could not maintain his entire body shape and fell straight into the woods. Then he said that he heard a scream from the woods. , that person didn’t even get up.

But at this time, the small ball returned to Zhao Hai's hand. The small ball was held in Zhao Hai's hand, just like a toy. Zhao Hai gently swung the small stone ball and looked at those He said in a deep voice: "Two of us are dead. What do you guys think? Can you tell me why you are here? Otherwise, I can only kill you one by one."

The leader's face had turned livid. He never thought that Zhao Hai would be so strong. Just when he was about to speak, Zhao Hai's face suddenly changed and he turned his head. He looked in one direction, and then said in a deep voice: "I don't have time to play with you. You don't know anything from the looks of you, so go to hell." After saying that, Zhao Hai moved his hand, and the stone ball went straight to The leader smashed it over.

The leader didn't dare to hit it forcefully. From the reactions of his men before, we could tell that the power of this stone ball was very strong and it absolutely couldn't be hit by force. So he often flashed to the side and thought. To get past the stone ball, the flying sword in his hand had already left his hand and stabbed straight towards Zhao Hai.

But at the moment when his flying sword left his hand, he found that Zhao Hai turned around and left without any intention of staying. The leader couldn't help but was stunned. Even if Zhao Hai wanted to leave, he didn't. Do you need to keep his magic weapon? What does he mean? At this moment, he suddenly heard several screams. When he turned around, he found that the people around him were all dead, and several stone slabs were flying from the bodies of those people. come out.

Just when he was surprised, he suddenly felt a pain in his chest. He couldn't help but look down and found that a very thin iron chain suddenly appeared on his chest. Although this iron chain was very thin, But this blow had penetrated his chest directly, and at the same time, it had crushed all his internal organs. He spit out a mouthful of blood, his eyes went black, and he could no longer see anything.

But at this time, Zhao Hai waved his hand, and the magical weapons in the hands of those people and the space bags on their bodies all flew to his hand. The stone ball also flew back to him, but the stone ball on the stone ball also flew back to him. The iron chain disappeared, and the stone ball kept flying around him, like a little elf.

Zhao Hai's speed was very fast, and he was already outside the woods in a blink of an eye. Just outside the woods, he saw Xiao Jiu fighting with a person. The person was wearing black clothes, but this black clothes, But it was different from the black robes at Hell Gate. The black clothes he wore were a warrior uniform, and they were very close-fitting, obviously for the convenience of movement.

But this man was holding a black dagger in his hand and was attacking Xiao Jiu. Xiao Jiu was roaring angrily. The blood knife that Zhao Hai gave him was danced so hard by him that he looked at it with both eyes. But he looked at the man in black as if he was about to spit fire. Zhao Hai could tell that if it hadn't been for that bloody knife, the man in black would have killed Xiao Jiu by now. It was a life-fighting move, and the man in black obviously didn't want to trade his own life for Xiao Jiu's, so he kept dealing with Xiao Jiu.

However, after Zhao Hai saw the fight between the two, his eyes flashed with cold light, because although the man in black had been fighting with Xiao Jiu, as he turned, he was getting closer and closer to Lanka and the others. Getting closer, based on Zhao Hai's experience, he could tell at a glance that the target of the man in black might be Lanka.

Zhao Hai snorted coldly, and then he put away the stone ball. Then he moved and appeared directly in front of Lanka, ensuring Lanka's safety. Then he roared wildly, and the next moment he A giant ape appeared directly in the sky above Zhao Hai. This giant ape was very huge, about ten feet tall. After the giant ape appeared, it first looked up to the sky and roared, and the next moment it slapped it like the man in black. Photographed it.

The man in black was stunned when he saw Zhao Hai appearing in front of Lanka. Then his face couldn't help but change, and then he moved and stepped aside. When he saw the giant ape's slap coming towards him, , his figure couldn't help but swayed. As his figure swayed, seven identical men in black appeared in the area. After the giant ape swept past, the seven identical men in black disappeared at the same time. , and the man in black also disappeared.

Xiao Jiuyi saw the man in black disappear, but he did not stop, but roared angrily, then moved and chased in the direction where the man in black disappeared. Zhao Hai quickly shouted: "Xiao Jiu, don't chase, come back quickly." Xiao Jiu didn't seem to hear it, and chased after him directly.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw Xiao Jiu's appearance and thought of the dress of the man in black, he couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. He understood why Xiao Jiu was going crazy, but he couldn't chase him now. He glanced around, Then he said to Lanka and the others: "Okay, everyone, line up, let's go home."

Although the children were still a little scared, they still responded, and then they all lined up and followed Zhao Hai towards the town. Zhao Hai always stayed by the children's side. It was safe along the way, no one was around. came to attack them, but Zhao Hai felt that there was always a pair of murderous eyes paying attention to them.

In less than an hour, they had returned to the town. As soon as they arrived in the town, Zhao Hai immediately felt that the murderous gaze disappeared. Zhao Hai let out a sigh, but his face became gloomy. , Fortunately, there are few people in the town now, and no one pays attention to Zhao Hai's face.

Until Zhao Hai and the others reached the entrance of the alley, they saw Old Liu Tou sitting in front of his shop. Naturally, Old Liu Tou also saw Zhao Hai. He was about to say hello to Zhao Hai, but as soon as he saw Zhao Hai His face looked like he swallowed back his words. At the same time, he also noticed the somewhat panicked expressions on the children's faces.

Old Liu Tou suddenly stood up, quickly came to Zhao Hai's side, and said to Zhao Hai: "What's wrong? Where is Xiaojiu?" Old Liu Tou had a good relationship with the Gujian Gang, so he Zhiran also knew Xiaojiu. As soon as he saw Zhao Hai's face and the murderous look on his body, he knew something must have happened. Adding the expressions on the children's faces, he became even more sure of his idea.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "We were attacked by two groups. Xiaojiu didn't listen to me and ran to chase the enemy. I was worried about the safety of these children, so I could only escort them back. Uncle Liu, help me Take care of these children, I have to find Xiaojiu, he is no match for the enemy, I am worried that something will happen to him."

Old Liu Tou didn't ask any more questions and just responded. Zhao Hai moved and flew directly to the outside of the town. But before he reached the outside of the town, he saw a person flying back from the outside of the town. However, his figure was a little shaken, and he looked like he was injured. As soon as Zhao Hai saw that person, he immediately recognized him. That person was Xiao Jiu. He moved directly to Xiao Jiu's side. , supported Xiaojiu with one hand, and then took a look at his injuries, only to find a wound on his right shoulder. The wound was deep and bleeding a lot.

Zhao Hai moved his hand and immediately sealed all the acupuncture points on Xiao Jiu's shoulder, and then supported Xiao Jiu and flew straight into the yard. Xiaojiu seemed to be in a trance at this time. After Zhao Hai stopped the bleeding, he felt better. Then he turned to look at Zhao Hai. As soon as he saw Zhao Hai, he immediately said : "Brother Ying, Lanka..."

Before he could finish speaking, Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Lanka is fine, don't worry, let's go back and treat your wound quickly. Your wound is very deep, and it seems to be poisonous. If we can't do it as soon as possible, Deal with it, I'm afraid your arm will be useless." After saying that, he supported Xiaojiu and flew directly to the yard. At this time, Lanka and the others also returned to the yard, but Zhao Hai had no time to talk to them. , directly supported Xiaojiu and entered the house.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.