c7899 tell each other

As soon as Old Liu Tou saw Zhao Hai nodding, he continued: "There is a rule in Lingfeng Sect, that is, disciples of Lingfeng Sect must remain virgins, unless they form a Taoist couple. As for Lanka’s mother, she is actually a disciple of the Lingfeng Sect, and her status in the Lingfeng Sect is very special. She is one of several core disciples of the Lingfeng Sect and one of the candidates for the head of the Lingfeng Sect.”

Zhao Hai was stunned. Although he had thought that the identity of Lanka's mother was not simple, he did not expect that the identity of Lanka's mother would be so noble. A candidate for the sect leader. With such an identity, he was definitely a casual cultivator. It's a position that you can't even see when you look up, so why did she follow Ranka's father in the first place?

Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai and couldn't help but sigh, and then said: "Lanka's mother is a direct daughter of the Gongsun family, a large clan in the Lingfeng Sect. She has shown enviable talents since she was born. Later, she After entering the Lingfeng Sect to practice, it has been a smooth journey and I have successfully become the core disciple of the Lingfeng Sect."

Having said this, Old Liu Tou sighed softly, and then said: "It is precisely because of this that she does not know much about the dangers in the world. When she followed the order of the sect and came out for the trial, At that time, someone was plotting against her. Who the person who plotted against her has not been found out yet, but it may be one of the other core disciples. In that plot, Lanka's mother suffered Injured, he was rescued by Lanka's father, and the two finally fell in love and gave birth to Lanka."

When Old Liu Tou said this, he sighed again, obviously very sorry for this matter, and then he continued: "Originally, Lanka's mother wanted to leave the Lingfeng Sect, so she followed Lanka's father, here He kept living, but he never expected that people from the Lingfeng Sect came to his door and wanted to kill everyone in the Gujian Gang. In order to save everyone in the Gujian Sect, Lanka's mother had to follow the people from the Lingfeng Sect back to Lingfeng. Zong, she was also forcing her to die at that time, and those people did not dare to push her too hard, so they could only let the people of the Gujian Gang go, but she still couldn't let go of Lanka, so she transferred an old man from her family Servant, I came to Linyuan Town to protect Lanka, and that old servant is actually me."

When Old Liu Tou said this, he couldn't help but glance at Zhao Hai and found that Zhao Hai's face was calm. He couldn't help but feel a little surprised. He looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Aren't you surprised?" Old Liu Tou really didn't expect that. , Zhao Hai's reaction was so calm, which made him very curious.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "No, in fact, I have known for a long time that you showed unusual concern for Lanka. I felt at that time that what you cared about was Lanka, so I guessed that you might have something to do with Lanka. What kind of relationship? I didn’t expect it to be such a relationship.”

Old Liu nodded, then sighed, and then said in a deep voice: "Miss, she has lived a very hard life these years. Back then, she was punished for violating the sect rules after returning to Lingfeng Sect. She is in seclusion in the back mountain of Lingfeng Sect, and she has to be in seclusion for ten years, so the young lady has not yet come out of the seclusion. And the young lady was previously engaged to a core disciple of another sect, the Huxiao Sect, and later because of her divorce For such a thing, the Lingfeng Sect wants to cancel the marriage. After all, the young lady already has a child. If we let the young lady marry her, it might make the two sects become enemies."

"But I didn't expect that the disciple of the Huxiao Sect was so infatuated with the young lady that he would not break off the engagement even if he knew that the young lady had a child. He only wanted to marry the young lady. This Lingfeng Sect also There was no breakup, but not long after the breakup happened, someone came here and assassinated Lanka's father. So I suspect that this matter is related to the disciple of the Tiger Roar Sect, but the specifics are The person responsible for this matter is not necessarily the person from the Tiger Roar Sect, but someone from the Transcendence Sect!"

"Supersave people?" Zhao Hai couldn't help but was stunned when he heard Old Liu Tou mentioned supersuccession, and then he pretended to be puzzled and said: "What kind of organization is supersuccession? Why does this name sound weird? "In fact, he was really surprised. He didn't expect that this matter was related to saving people.

Old Liu Tou said in a deep voice: "Chaodu Ren is a killer organization here in Wanshan Realm. Chaodu Ren is their code name, which can also be said to be the name of their organization. This organization is very powerful and very difficult to deal with. But none of the targets they target are immortal, so they are called super-saved people."

"In fact, all the major sects have some knowledge of the Chaodu people organization. They know the situation of this organization and that this Chaodu organization is extremely powerful. I heard that it has the strength to assassinate the elders of the major sects, but they have never been able to do so. Just dare to do this, but the number of ordinary elders who died in his hands is definitely quite large, and people’s understanding of this transcendent person is also very little."

"So far, people only know that this organization called Chaodu Human, some of their high-level attributes can be ever-changing. They can become anyone without being seen as a flaw, and their The low-level members are all dressed in black, and the weapons they use are usually all black. In other words, the man in black you meet this time is very likely to be someone who has saved others."

Zhao Hai pretended to be surprised and said in a deep voice: "In other words, we may have been targeted by a killer organization, but those people don't seem to be very strong. The people who came to attack us today, Their strength is very poor, it seems like they haven’t even condensed the Dharma.”

Old Liu Tou said in a deep voice: "There seems to be some rules for saving people. How many spiritual stones you give them, they will send people with corresponding strength to attack the target you choose. At the same time, they will also make an estimate of their target. Therefore, the people they send out this time should be the weakest disciples, and people like this should be the weakest group among the people who have been saved."

Zhao Hai was silent, and then he said: "I heard from Brother Hu and others that the people who assassinated Brother Lan used Dharma. In other words, the people who assassinated Brother Lan were more powerful than those who assassinated us today. The people are stronger, they really want Brother Lan’s life, and who is their target this time? Is it Lanka?”

Old Liu Tou sighed softly and said: "It is very possible that the person from the Huxiao Sect who is married to the group seems to be a core disciple of the Huxiao Sect. If this person is so obsessed with the young lady, then he must also love the young lady very much. So he must be very jealous of Lanka and Lanka’s father, so it’s not surprising that he reacted like this.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Then what should we do now? Is Lanka in danger now?" Zhao Hai is most concerned about this now, so he said this. Zhao Hai didn't want to expose his strength, so he wouldn't be able to protect Lanka very well. If Lanka really encountered such an assassination, it would indeed be in danger.

Old Liu Tou said in a deep voice: "This is also the reason why I came to you this time. I heard that the young lady's condition is not very good now. She is still locked up in the back mountain of Lingfeng Sect, so she has no access to the outside world. There is no way to deal with the matter, and now there is a core disciple in Lingfeng Sect who wants to deal with the young lady and wants to be engaged to that core disciple of Huxiao Sect, but if you want to be engaged to that person, you must first The only thing is to get rid of the lady, so now she is dealing with the lady. The lady is in the back at this time and has no way to fight back. If you want to attack the lady, the best way is to deal with Lanka, so deal with the people of Lanka. , it may also be someone from the Lingfeng Sect. Who they are, I am a little unsure now. I wrote to the lady before, and the lady said that people in the family are not as supportive of her as they used to be, so here I’m afraid I can only rely on myself.”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he understood why he told him everything. This was indeed a problem. If this was really the case, the consequences would be unimaginable. Without the support of the Gongsun family, , and Lanka's mother has no way to contribute, then those who save people will have no scruples at all. By then, I am afraid things will only become more difficult to handle.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but fell into deep thought. After a while, he said in a deep voice: "We have no way to solve this matter now. After all, we are just some casual cultivators. Although I now have Qingyang Sect's outsiders, The identity of a disciple, but in the eyes of those people, this identity is just a joke, it is nothing, and it is no different from a casual cultivator. Therefore, this matter can only rely on us now, which is the most annoying thing. The thing is, we can't run away now even if we want to, it's useless, because those guys won't let us go."

Old Liu nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "The most worrying thing right now is actually this matter. To be honest, I don't care very much whether the people of the Gujian Gang are dead or alive. What I care about is Lan Ka, Lanka is the child of the lady, I only need Lanka to live."

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, but then his eyes lit up, but he didn't say anything. Instead, he turned to Old Liu and said, "Let's go back first. We won't be leaving the town recently. If the enemy wants to enter the town to deal with us, we can also escape, but that's all we can do now. When Brother Hu comes back, we will talk to him about this matter and listen to his opinion."

Lao Liutou thought for a while, and finally nodded and said: "This is the only way it can be now. To be honest, I don't have any good options now. Without the support of my family, I have no idea whether I can save Lanka's life. I really don’t have much confidence, otherwise, I wouldn’t have come to tell you about this matter.”

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "We can only do this now. Let's wait until Brother Hu comes back. I have an idea, but this idea must be agreed by Brother Hu. Uncle Liu, you go back and wait for me first." News." Old Liu glanced at Zhao Hai and found that there was no panic expression on Zhao Hai's face. He also nodded, then he clasped his fists at Zhao Hai, turned around and left the yard. He really didn't have anything right now. Good idea, just wait.