c7895 fields

Of course Zhao Hai understood what he meant. King Ping Ping's meaning was very clear, which was to enable him to have the energy to better complete the tasks of Qingyang Sect, gain Le Wenzhen's trust, and then join Qingyang Sect, so that he could It has become a chess piece arranged by Hell Gate in Qingyang Sect.

Zhao Hai, who returned to his yard, was a little happy. He actually felt that his current status was very beneficial to him. He could join the Qingyang Sect, as long as his status in the Qingyang Sect became more and more important. If it is high, his status in the hearts of those at Hell Gate will become higher and higher, and this is exactly what he wants to see.

As for the organization Chaodu Ren, he doesn't know yet, but one thing is certain. For an organization like Chaodu Ren, if you want to rely on some peripheral intelligence, you can really do it completely. It is absolutely impossible to understand him. An organization like Chaosuren has existed for so many years, so of course it has its own reasons. If nothing else, they must be very good at protecting themselves.

So Zhao Hai is not in a hurry. He is not in a hurry to find this organization called Chaoduren. Those peripheral ghosts cannot know too many things. There is no use in attacking those guys. He must truly Only after you have come into contact with an organization that saves people can you take action against them.

Early the next morning, Zhao Hai got up early. No one could tell that he had actually gone out last night. Zhao Hai didn't want others to see that he couldn't take care of the Hell Gate mission now. It made him feel very relaxed, so that he could have a lot of time to accompany Lanka and the others. For Zhao Hai, it doesn't matter what hell gate, what super salvation, what Qingyang Sect, as long as he is willing , he can immediately lead the blood-killing sect army into Wanshan Realm, so that he doesn't have to look at anyone.

But if he really does that, the Blood Killing Sect will suffer great losses. He will never do this, so he has to wait. He must ensure that the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can attack Wanshan Realm. , without causing too much loss, only then will he really let the Blood Killing Sect start attacking Wanshan Realm.

Today, Zhao Hai led Lanka and the others to the field where they planted Polygonatum japonica. Their Polygonatum japonica has been planted for some time, and now it is the rainy season. He heard that floods have begun to occur in Xiahong Valley, but the floods are not big. The water was blocked by the dam. Although the water volume in the small river in Xiahong Valley had increased, it was not very large and could still be tolerated. Zhao Hai just wanted to see what was going on in the reservoir in Xiahong Valley. How much water is stored, so that he can make a judgment about the reservoir there.

When Zhao Hai led Lanka and the others outside Xiahong Valley, they saw countless Polygonatum spp. seedlings. These Polygonatum spp. seedlings were all very big and strong. It was obvious at a glance that they were growing very well. Today would be a Feng calls the year, and Lanka and the others all look very happy. Although they are not old, they all know very well that these Polygonatum japonicas will be their main food. If there is something wrong with these Polygonatum japonicas, they will I'm afraid it will be difficult to eat enough.

Zhao Hai asked Lanka and the others to play in the Huangjing field and catch insects, but he went to the reservoir. Now the water level in the reservoir has risen very quickly. The water flow at the outlet of the reservoir is already very fast, but in general Generally speaking, the belt was under control, which also made Zhao Hai feel relieved a lot.

At this time, an old monk who was following Zhao Hai said to Zhao Hai in a deep voice: "Sir, this reservoir has done a lot today. With this reservoir, we don't have to worry about floods. This year our Polygonatum is also growing well, there will be a good harvest, and our life will be even easier this winter."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "There should be a lot of monsters in the water in this reservoir now. We can catch some, and then make them dry. In winter, we can also use them to Going out to eat will give us more dishes. At the same time, we must also pay attention to the issue of firewood. We must start to store some dry firewood from now on, not only for our cooking, but also for our heating in winter. We need this dry wood.”

The old monk nodded and said: "What you are saying is that we do need more dry firewood now. At this time of year, people in the town begin to store dry firewood, but this year because everyone goes out to collect herbs, , so there is no reserve of dry firewood, and I have been very worried."

Zhao Hai nodded and said in a deep voice: "It's the rainy season now, and there's a lot of rain. In this case, how can we store dry firewood? Do you have any experience?" Zhao Hai's thoughts on the situation here in Wanshan Realm , he really didn’t know much about them, so he had to ask these old people.

The old man smiled and said: "Don't worry, adults. It's not difficult to store dry firewood in the town. You have also noticed that many houses in the town have some firewood houses. The firewood houses can not only keep out the rain , and there are many shelves inside, with firewood placed on them, so that they are ventilated and protected from rain. This ensures that even if the firewood is completely wet, it will dry quickly if you put it inside. Adults don’t have to worry about this. The amount of firewood is somewhat insufficient today. At this time of year in the town, almost every house is occupied. Even if someone is not at home, they are still two strong people. Even if it is winter, they can go out. Quechai, there are too few people in the town today, so it may not be easy to store enough firewood."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile and said: "So that's it, this problem is easy to solve. Today I brought these children to the field, and they won't come again tomorrow. We will go to the woods, in the woods Here, we will pick some firewood and cut down some trees to bring back, so that we have firewood, and there is also some firewood that you have forgotten, these are the roots of Polygonatum japonica, what we want to eat is the roots of Polygonatum odoratum, not the stems above. and leaves, these things will all dry up in winter, and if you collect them then, there will be a lot of firewood, so don’t worry.”

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, the old man couldn't help but be startled, but then he said with bright eyes: "Okay, this is a good idea, sir, but brother, I think we need to go to the reservoir now to hunt down those monster beasts in the water. It's not the time yet. Now is when they are most active. It is not easy to hunt them. We should hunt those monsters in winter. At that time, those monsters in the water are the slowest to react. We Then you can hunt them.”

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then nodded and said: "Okay, that's settled, as long as there are no problems with the dam, let's go, let's go and see what those children are doing." After saying this, Zhao Hai said After leading the old man down to the dam, he saw that Aunt Liu and the others had come here and were picking the young leaves of Polygonatum japonica with their children. This made Zhao Hai feel a little strange.

Zhao Hai walked up to Aunt Liu and said to Aunt Liu: "Aunt Liu, what are you picking these leaves for? Do you want to eat them?" Zhao Hai really didn't understand what Aunt Liu meant. What's the use of picking these Polygonatum leaves? Can you still eat something? That's why he asked like this.

Aunt Liu smiled and said: "Yes, sir, these leaves are edible. As long as the leaves are pickled, they will become a good dish. And if you pick these leaves, the Polygonatum odorata will grow bigger. If you want This step is necessary for planting Polygonatum japonica. We wanted to come a few days ago. Today we heard that you and the children were coming, so we followed suit.

When Zhao Hai heard what Aunt Liu said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "So that's it, okay, let's do it together. Come on, let's do it together and pick more leaves. We will have something to eat in the winter." Wan also moved his hands, and the children felt very happy. They all responded loudly and kept picking the leaves.

The group of people worked in the fields all afternoon, and in the evening they returned to the town. Everyone was laughing and laughing. Although the children worked all afternoon, there were so many people working, and they You are playing and working at the same time, so you don’t feel tired, but the adults are happy because of the bumper harvest.

The next day, the children still carried out their own training. Aunt Liu and the others prepared the meal and went to Huang Jingtian's place to get busy. However, Zhao Hai did not take the children to Huang Jingtian's place in the afternoon. The work at Huang Jingtian is not very busy. On the contrary, they have to do another thing now, which is to collect firewood.

People have always ignored firewood, but firewood is an indispensable thing in people's lives. In Wanshan Realm, a place where the magic circle is not as developed as the Blood Killing Sect, it is impossible for them to use the magic circle to keep warm and cook. Yes, in this case, firewood is very important. You can't always use magic to cook, right? Not to mention that the people here in Linyuan Town are not experts. If they all use magic to keep warm and cook, they will be exhausted.

Picking firewood is actually very simple. They have a lot of woods here. Just go into the woods and pick. Of course, Zhao Hai has other ideas. He will choose some trees, cut them down directly, and then bring them back to the small village. In the town, all these trees are split and dried. This is the best firewood.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai and the others have been very busy recently. This kind of busyness is also seen in Wu Yang's eyes. Wu Yang will also report Zhao Hai's situation to Le Wenzhen from time to time. Le Wenzhen heard about what Zhao Hai did and felt very funny. In his opinion, it was indeed a bit excessive for a capable person like Zhao Hai to do such a thing, but he didn't want to do it now. It was easy to move Zhao Hai, because he really didn't have many people in his hands. Zhao Hai was a secret chess piece of his. If he used it too much, he would be discovered, which would not do him any good.

Le Wen is really different from others. He slowly emerged after he obtained those inheritances, so he actually doesn’t have many available people, otherwise he wouldn’t be able to accept Zhao Hai as him. A dead soldier, because there is really no one available in his hands.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.