c7908 return

The leader looked at Zhao Hai, and after a while he smiled bitterly, and then said in a deep voice: "I really didn't expect that there would be people like you in the small Linyuan Town. If we knew where Linyuan Town was, With people like you, we will never get involved in this muddy water. That's all, this is all my idea. As long as you let my brothers go, you can kill or behead them."

Zhao Hai looked at the man and suddenly sneered: "Let you go? Why? Didn't they participate in the attack on our Ancient Sword Gang? They did, so why should I let them go? If I let them go , what should we do if they come to take revenge on our Ancient Sword Gang in the future? So you must die."

The leader looked at Zhao Hai, his eyes flashed with murderous intent, but then he became helpless and struggled. After a while, he seemed to have made up his mind, and he knelt down towards Zhao Hai with a plop. He came down, and then he said: "Please spare our lives, sir. As long as you spare us, from now on, we are willing to be your cattle and horses." After saying this, he kept kowtowing on the ground.

Zhao Hai looked at the man, suddenly smiled and said: "Hahahaha, it's interesting, it's really interesting, you can bend and stretch, should I call you a man? Okay, don't show off like that there. I tell you, none of you from our Gujian Gang will be left alive, because you killed Brother Hu Zhi, so all of you must die."

As soon as Zhao Hai finished speaking, the long sword in the hands of the man kneeling on the ground suddenly flew out of his hand, and shot straight towards Zhao Hai like a white lightning bolt. At the same time, he jumped up and rushed towards Zhao Hai. The people standing beside him all followed him and rushed towards Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and grabbed the long sword in his hand, but what he grabbed was the blade. The tip of the sword was less than a foot away from his throat. Then Zhao Hai just grabbed the sword. After swinging the long sword a few times, those who rushed to Zhao Hai were killed on the spot by Zhao Hai.

After several people were killed, Zhao Hai glanced at the corpses on the ground, then snorted coldly, and said in a deep voice: "First use the magic weapon to touch up, and then walk to them and kill the corpses beside them. Collect all the space preparations for me, collect all the magic weapons, and finally bury their bodies." After saying that, he threw the flying sword in his hand to the ground and stopped caring about it. Feihua immediately arranged for people to start Finish up on those corpses, and then go clean the battlefield.

It didn't take long for the battlefield to be cleaned. Feihua came to Zhao Hai and gave orders. Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Let's go to the next place. Prepare the space in the hands of those people. Feihua, you go first." Keep it, don't give it to me." Feihua responded, collected all those things, and then followed Zhao Hai to another town.

Zhao Hai and the others now know that the casual cultivators who attacked them come from thirteen small towns. Some towns are very close to them, while others are far away from them. Zhao Hai and the others are now a small town. A small town pushed over and picked off all those guys one by one.

Some of those guys have a lot of people, hundreds of people, some have a few people, only 20 or 30 people, and they don't care how many people there are, they only have one word, kill. These guys have all attacked Linyuan Town, Zhao Hai They will not let anyone go, this is also to establish their authority.

Zhao Hai did not believe that when these guys attacked Linyuan Town, other forces in their town would not know about it. They would definitely know about it, but they were not involved in it. But if Let them think that the people in Linyuan Town are just bullied casually, and even Linyuan Town will never have stability in the future, so they must kill those guys and let others know that they have not offended the Ancient Sword Gang. any benefit.

In the days that followed, Zhao Hai led the people from the Gujian Gang and pushed through small towns one by one. It took nearly twenty days to wipe out ten small towns and attacked Linyuan Town. The casual cultivators, and their actions also made those who had attacked Linyuan Town feel frightened. When they attacked the Ancient Sword Gang, they never expected that the revenge of the Ancient Sword Gang would come like this. Fast, so fierce, leaving them no room to fight back.

After killing people in ten small towns, Zhao Hai also decided to return to Linyuan Town. After all, it had been twenty days since they left Linyuan Town, and they would still have to spend the remaining ten days on the road. After returning to Linyuan Town, it was almost time for Xiao Jiu to lead people out of the town and deal with the people in the remaining three towns.

Everyone is actually very happy now, because after they killed those monks these days, they got a lot of good things. At least now, everyone in the Ancient Sword Gang can have a complete magic weapon. , this will greatly improve the strength of the people of the Ancient Sword Gang.

On the way back, they did not encounter any danger along the way. Even if they met some casual cultivators in the woods, those people just walked around them, and no one dared to approach them. Therefore, Zhao Hai and the others were very worried on the way back. It went smoothly, and it took only five days to return to Linyuan Town.

As soon as Zhao Hai and the others returned to Linyuan Town, they were immediately discovered. Xiao Jiu and the others immediately brought people to greet them. Zhao Hai also laughed and went straight to greet them. Xiao Jiu hugged them hard. Zhao Hai then let go of Zhao Hai and said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, you are finally back, but you are worried about me."

Zhao Hai laughed and said: "What's there to worry about? It's okay. Didn't we come back safely? How have you been these days?" Zhao Hai looked at the situation in the town as he spoke and found that The town was now clean and there was nothing wrong, so he breathed a sigh of relief.

Xiao Jiu said in a deep voice: "It's okay, brother, everything is safe at home, so you don't have to worry. Let's go. I've already had people prepare meals. You go and have something to eat. You've been outside these days. I didn't have a good meal." As he said that, he followed Zhao Hai and walked towards Shizhang.

Zhao Hai was not polite. He laughed and led everyone to the canteen. After eating, no one left. Everyone stayed in the canteen quietly. Zhao Hai looked at everyone, Knowing what they meant, he stood up and said in a deep voice: "This time our operation was very successful. We have eliminated more than half of the enemies, but there are still three small towns of enemies that we have not been able to eliminate. The rest is up to you, Xiaojiu, you can set off in two days, kill the enemies in those three towns and come back directly."

Xiao Jiu responded, and Zhao Hai then said: "Remember, be patient. If you don't attack those small towns, we will wait outside the town. When they leave the town, we will deal with them. If we attack the small town If so, the situation will be different, then we will offend all the people in those small towns, so don’t attack those small towns, we will just wait outside the town, do you understand?"

Everyone responded, and Zhao Hai then said to Xiao Jiu: "Xiao Jiu, the remaining three towns are all relatively far away, so you have to spend some time on the road, but you are moving forward. Along the way, we should also record the way forward, where we can rest, and what specialties there are. These should be recorded. This will be of great use to us in the future. And don’t be in a hurry for revenge. Be patient. This time we It is to establish prestige, to let people in other towns know that as long as they offend us, no matter how long it takes, we will kill them. If they have such an idea, they will not dare to come here in the future. Move us."

Xiaojiu responded, Zhao Hai then smiled slightly, then he waved to Feihua and said to Feihua: "Feihua, come here, take out all the things we got and show them to everyone." Feihua agreed. With a cry, he walked over immediately, and then took out a lot of space bags and a bunch of magic weapons, all of which were complete magic weapons.

Zhao Hai pointed at the magic weapons and said: "These magic weapons are all what we got this time. Anyone who needs a missing weapon can get a complete magic weapon. Come on." Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Xiao Jiu and the others were all stunned for a moment, but then their eyes lit up and they ran over to choose the magic weapon. Only the broken knife did not move.

Zhao Hai didn't pay attention. He knew very well that the path Duandao followed was different from the others. The others followed the orthodox monk's principles, but the path Duandao followed was somewhat like the way of swordsmanship. He used the Broken Dao in his hand He is used to using swords, and what he focuses on is his understanding of sword techniques. He actually doesn't care about magic weapons.

After everyone had chosen the magic weapon, Zhao Hai said to Feihua: "Feihua, go ahead and send all these things to Uncle Cao. All the trophies we get from now on will be sent to Uncle Cao." , don’t leave it to anyone.” Feihua responded, packed up the things on the ground, and turned around to leave.

Zhao Hai then said to everyone: "Okay, everyone, let's go and have a rest." Everyone responded and turned around to leave. However, Xiao Jiu and Duandao did not leave. Zhao Hai also sat down directly and said: Xiao Jiu said: "Xiao Jiu, you must be careful this time. Our previous actions have caused dissatisfaction among some people. I am worried that they will unite to deal with us, so you must be careful when moving forward. Release the scouts, and you must not be surrounded by others. We only have so many people now, but we cannot afford to lose."

Xiao Jiu responded, and Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "As long as we can deal with all those guys in this battle, then our Ancient Sword Gang will be famous in the casual cultivator world, and there will be no Anyone dares to underestimate us. After you take action, it will almost be time for the weather to turn cold, and we will no longer take any actions. We will use this winter to take a good rest and practice for a while. Time, when the weather gets warmer everywhere, we can take action at once. This time we are not going to collect herbs. We are going to attack other towns. It is time for us to expand." Speaking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but think twice His eyes were shining, and his performance surprised Xiao Jiu and the others. They really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would have such an idea.