c7907 revenge

Even when the Chosen One is tested, his talent is very average, not even comparable to that of ordinary monks, but in fact their strength is extremely powerful. Because of this, the Chosen One has always been very popular. Wanshan Realm attaches great importance to each sect and pays great attention to the chosen one.

Although the Gongsun family is a big family in the Lingfeng Sect, and there are many talents in the family, there has never been a chosen one. Now that a chosen one has finally appeared, the people of the Gongsun family naturally They are extremely excited, so they now attach great importance to Lanka.

And this time Lanka left, he also took the little black demon with him. Although the Gongsun family did not attach great importance to the little black demon, with the little black demon under his command, Lanka would not be too lonely. It also made Zhao Hai feel relieved. This time, Old Liu Tou wrote to Zhao Hai to tell Zhao Hai about this matter so that Zhao Hai could rest assured.

Old Liu Tou knows Zhao Hai's feelings for Lanka. Zhao Hai is Lanka's master and has always been very kind to Lanka. Therefore, Old Liu Tou also knows very well that Zhao Hai really cares about Lanka. Lanka He really regarded Zhao Hai as a father, so as soon as Lanka stabilized, he immediately sent a letter to Zhao Hai.

After reading this letter, Zhao Hai felt relieved. Zhao Hai didn't really care about the Chosen Ones. The Chosen Ones were just people who were born with certain abilities. Such people were very difficult to deal with. , as long as they are given appropriate training methods, these chosen ones will definitely be able to burst into powerful combat effectiveness, Zhao Hai is certain of this.

However, the chosen ones just have better talents, and talent is really nothing to the people of the Blood Killing Sect, so Zhao Hai doesn’t really care about the term chosen ones. As long as Lanka is safe, it will be fine. As for the Chosen One, Zhao Hai doesn't take it seriously at all.

After putting away the jade slips, Zhao Hai took a rest. He didn't need to worry about Lanka's affairs now. The people of the Gongsun family, after discovering that Lanka was the chosen one, would definitely be very kind to Lanka and would do anything. Protect Ranka with all his strength, although Ranka is not actually the real chosen one.

Zhao Hai had been to the place where Lanka and the others ate the fruit before, and wanted to see if he could dig out any plants there, like the roots of the table that Lanka had eaten, but he was told Disappointed, there was nothing in it. Although Zhao Hai was a little disappointed, he didn't say anything. If you can't get it, you can't get it. There are too many good things in this world, and it's impossible to get them all, so he didn't care. .

Early the next morning, Zhao Hai got up early. The other children had not yet gotten up. Zhao Hai went to the canteen and took a look. Now the canteen has been moved out of Zhao Hai's yard and is in an independent place. Aunt Liu and the others are the ones who eat. Every day, people from the Gujian Gang come here to eat. Today, Zhao Hai asked everyone who will participate in the operation tomorrow to gather here in the cafeteria and set off after breakfast.

When Zhao Hai arrived at the canteen, he found that there were already several people in the canteen, which made him slightly stunned. Then he smiled and nodded to a few people and said hello. Those people all saluted Zhao Hai, and soon they were more and more More and more people came here, food was served, and everyone began to eat.

After having breakfast, Zhao Hai didn't say much, and just led everyone out of Linyuan Town, heading straight for a nearby town. This time, there were nearly 500 people following Zhao Hai. Some of them were women, but all of them were experienced casual cultivators. It was very quiet along the way, and everyone was focused on their way.

In order not to be discovered by the enemy or attacked, they kept rushing in the woods instead of flying in the sky, so their speed was not very fast. The nearest town to them was nearly a thousand miles away. , so it was not easy for them to get to that town. It would take at least four hours.

And these four hours do not include the time when they rest. It is impossible not to rest when you are driving in the woods, so when they are really on the road, it is definitely not just four hours, but a longer time. It goes by. It took about six hours before they arrived at the outskirts of the town, and by this time, the sky had already darkened.

Zhao Hai immediately let everyone rest, and then sent a few strangers to the town to inquire about the situation. They had already known that a group of people who attacked them had entered the town. There were twenty people in this group. There are many of them, and their strength is pretty good. Zhao Hai’s target this time is these guys.

The people sent into the town soon got the news that the casual cultivators were still in the town and were drinking in a tavern in the town. Zhao Hai directly sent about a hundred people into the small town. In the town, let them monitor those people in batches and never let those people discover their existence.

After those people entered the town, Zhao Hai directly let the others go to rest. He believed that those people would not come out of the town tonight unless it was absolutely necessary. Otherwise, ordinary casual cultivators, You will not spend the night in the wild casually. Although it should be a very common thing for casual cultivators to spend the night in the wild, no one likes to spend the night in the wild.

Early the next morning, Zhao Hai and the others got up early, ate some food, and rested in the woods. Not long after, a member of the Ancient Sword Gang who was sent to monitor those guys yesterday returned to Zhao Hai and told them Zhao Hai and the others had already come out of the town, but they were not taking this intersection, but the other side.

Zhao Hai quickly asked him to take everyone and walked directly to another intersection. They walked all the way and when they reached the other intersection, they entered the woods and quickly found the people from the Ancient Sword Gang who had stayed there. mark, and followed the mark all the way, chasing after the casual cultivators.

After chasing for about three hours, they finally met up with the people who were following the wandering cultivators. After questioning those people, Zhao Hai asked about that person's situation. The man said that the wandering cultivators were resting in a place in front, but those The guy was obviously an old man, so they were very careful about him. They had also arranged a warning during the break so they couldn't get close.

After Zhao Hai listened to what those people said, he waved his hand and called Feihua and Di Ting over. Then he said to Feihua and Di Ting: "Feihua, Di Ting, you lead the two teams and let them lead the way." , go to the other side of the casual cultivator camp, and surround the camp from the other two sides. Then you only need to be vigilant. Don't attack them first, and see what they will do next, if they stay in the camp. If they do, don't attack them. If they leave from either direction, attack them with all your strength, no matter which direction they are. As long as you move there, we will react immediately, and we will rush towards you with all our strength. , you just need to hold them off for a while."

Feihua and Diting both responded, then saluted Zhao Hai and led the two teams away. However, Zhao Hai took the remaining people and waited there quietly to join them. He was also resting and eating some dry food. After eating, Zhao Hai arranged for people to be on guard and let the others go to rest.

An hour later, Zhao Hai suddenly heard a faint cry of killing. He sat up suddenly, and then listened carefully. There was indeed a cry of killing. This sound came from Feihua and the others. When the news came from the direction, Zhao Hai immediately called everyone up, and then led everyone to rush in that direction.

After a short time, Zhao Hai arrived at a place in the woods, where two groups of people were fighting. One side was Feihua and the others, and the other side was the people they were monitoring before. Now Feihua and the others had completely occupied the area. When we got the upper hand, a dozen of the more than 20 people had already fallen to the ground motionless, without even breathing. They were apparently dead. The remaining people were all injured and were still fighting tenaciously. resistance.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he was naturally not polite. He just waved his hand and killed the people from the Ancient Sword Gang who were following him. They did not approach those people, but stayed far away, using The spells and magic weapons attacked those people, and it was precisely because of this that those people were able to persist until now, otherwise they would have died long ago.

When several more of those people were killed and only five were left alive, the leader among them suddenly shouted: "Stop, everyone, let us die clearly. I want to know where we have offended." How can we let you all kill us?" As he said that, the man stopped, and the other four living people all leaned against him, looking at the surroundings with vigilance and panic. forest.

Zhao Hai glanced at them, couldn't help but smile, and then said in a deep voice: "Stop." Following his voice, everyone in the Gujian Gang stopped, and Zhao Hai slowly walked out of the woods. , walked in front of those people, he glanced at the leader, and then said in a deep voice: "Fellow Taoist, do you know me?"

When the leader saw Zhao Hai, his expression changed slightly, but he still said solemnly: "I don't know him." Although he said he didn't know him, his hand involuntarily grasped it. The magic weapon inside is obviously ready to fight.

Zhao Hai looked at him and smiled slightly: "Sir, you said you don't know me? This really makes me very sad. Before, sir, you led your men to attack our Linyuan Town, and more than once They invaded Linyuan Town, and finally burned down thirteen houses in Linyuan Town. It was precisely because of you who started that other people did the same thing. Everyone started. They started to burn down our house in Linyuan Town. Almost all our houses in Linyuan Town were burned down. However, my husband said that he didn’t know me at this time. This really made me very sad. I don’t know what my husband meant to me. Do you have anything to say about these things?" Zhao Hai looked at those people calmly, but there was a hint of murderous intent in his eyes.