c7906 The Chosen One

The reconstruction of Linyuan Town is still very fast. After all, they are all monks. Even those with poor strength can still know some magic. In addition, they have no shortage of materials here, so the reconstruction of Linyuan Town is very fast. Very quickly, when Zhao Hai was rebuilding Linyuan Town, he directly installed something in those houses, which was said to be a kang.

The kang is a very good heating tool. In the past, every household in the northern countryside had a kang. At that time, no one could burn coal, and no one could afford a stove or install a heater. All at that time, Heating in rural areas relies on Kangs and fire walls, and Zhao Hai has installed both of these two things in his house in Linyuan Town.

The kang is connected to the pot. When you cook in the pot, the smoke will enter the kang, so the kang will be warm. In winter, you can spread a quilt on the kang and it will be warm all night. Not to mention how comfortable it is, but the fire wall In fact, it is similar to a kang. It is like a wall. It is made of bricks or earth. It is also in the pot, and is also used to escape the smoke. As soon as the smoke escapes from the fire wall, the fire wall will heat up and carry the whole body with it. The rooms are all warmed by earth heaters.

In fact, the technical content of these things is not very high, and they are very simple to make, so they were done directly when building the house. When Zhao Hai was building the house, he also directly put the early warning array, After the early warning array is arranged, everyone here in Linyuan Town must put their mental power into the array. Only in this way, you will enter and exit this array in the future. I won't call the police. If someone who doesn't have mental energy enters and exits this magic circle, this magic circle will call the police.

The reconstruction of Linyuan Town was going very smoothly, but what Zhao Hai did not expect was that some supplies were sent to him from Hell Gate. This surprised Zhao Hai very much. He thought that the people from Hell Gate should not I know how to take care of this matter, but I didn’t expect that Hell Gate is still very concerned about this matter. Of course, the people of Hell Gate are more concerned about the matter of saving people. They asked a lot about the matter of saving people. , Zhao Hai answered them all truthfully.

It only took about ten days for the reconstruction work here in Linyuan Town to be completed. Everyone's houses were rebuilt. Of course, the houses of the Lanka family and Hu Zhi were also rebuilt. The two courtyards were built in the same way. It looks similar, but it is bigger than before.

After everything was done, Zhao Hai and the others all let out a sigh of relief. Then Zhao Hai gathered everyone in the Ancient Sword Gang together and had a meal together. The place where they ate was in the store. The canteen can also be used as a branch room. It is the largest place in Linyuan Town. Everyone in the town can enter that place.

After everyone had finished eating, Zhao Hai stood up and said to everyone: "Everyone, our Ancient Sword Gang suffered a lot this time. Brother Hu, Brother Scarface, and many people in the gang all died in the battle. Why is this happening? In the final analysis, we are not strong enough, so we are bullied. If we are strong enough, we will not be afraid of anyone, and we will not have to send Lanka away again, so next For a period of time, we must focus on training, and of course, we must not forget about revenge."

Everyone listened to Zhao Hai's words. They really wanted to hear how Zhao Hai made everyone practice and take revenge. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "So I am going to divide everyone into two groups. One group will practice at home, and the other group will go out to do tasks and take revenge. Every other month, we will A rotation, what do you think?"

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned, but then they nodded. In fact, what happened this time did make them reflect. If everyone went out to do tasks, the defense at home would be too weak. , those guys may not have received the correct information before attacking them. If those guys directly attack Linyuan Town, then Zhao Hai and the others will be in danger. Even if Zhao Hai and the others can escape, those children Woolen cloth? Can you escape too? It is precisely because of this that Linyuan Town must have enough manpower left for defense in the future.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and then said: "Divide people into two groups for rotation. One is to allow everyone to practice better, and the other is to ensure the safety of Linyuan Town. I think everyone understands this. , now there is an early warning array here in Linyuan Town, and every household is connected by tunnels. Our safety will be even more guaranteed in the future, and everyone can practice with confidence. The most important thing is , because we killed a lot of casual cultivators before, we got some skills from those people. Some of these skills are very suitable for us to practice. If some of us practice these skills, , the effect will be better.”

When Zhao Hai said this, everyone's eyes lit up. Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "I have also paid attention to everyone's situation recently, and I also know what kind of Kung Fu is suitable for everyone to practice. Now that the method has been completed, everyone will come to my place to receive the technique. The technique in the jade slips I have here, you have to take the jade slips from space and copy them, and then go back to practice. Is there no problem?" This is exactly what Zhao Hai came up with. It is very important for him to give these people the most suitable exercises so that their strength can be further improved.

After Zhao Hai finished speaking, everyone responded with a roar, and then Zhao Hai started to call the names. Those who were called by him would take the jade slips themselves and come to him to copy the exercises. Zhao Hai would even give them to them. One of them has a magic weapon, and it is clear that these magic weapons are also the most suitable for them. All those who get the magic weapon must go out to do tasks next. They will go out to do tasks starting tomorrow.

Naturally, everyone had nothing to complain about. If someone hit them on the head, they would naturally want revenge. No one objected. After a while, everyone received their own skills. Some people were really not suitable for them. Zhao Hai also told them about his skills, and those people did not object.

Those people all know Zhao Hai's strength and have condensed the Dharma. Among casual cultivators, he is definitely a master, so they will definitely listen to Zhao Hai's words. This is the case in the world of cultivation, with strong strength The words of people who know Zhao Hai will naturally have more weight. Those people know Zhao Hai's strength, and they will naturally listen to what Zhao Hai says.

After everyone received their skills, Zhao Hai asked everyone to go back. After everyone left, Zhao Hai led Xiao Jiu and the others back to Hu Zhi's original yard. After entering the house, Zhao Hai Hai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Xiao Jiu, Broken Blade, you two, lead the other brothers who have not fully recovered from their injuries to stay at home. I will take the others out tomorrow. This time our There is only one mission, and that is to take revenge. Find those guys and deal with them one by one. After a month, if we haven't dealt with all those guys, we will come back and take your place."

When Xiaojiu and Duandao heard what Zhao Hai said, they didn't say anything. They all nodded. They knew very well that this matter was definitely not a joke. No one was going against Zhao Hai on this matter, and This time, it is true that several of their brothers were seriously injured and have not recovered yet. It is indeed not suitable for them to fight now, so the two of them can only nod and have no other ideas.

When Zhao Hai saw that they agreed, he nodded and said: "Okay, you can't just practice at home, there are many things to do. The first thing is to prepare more firewood and vegetables. These things are necessary Get ready, winter will be here in a while, these things are necessary for us, when we go out, you will naturally prepare these things at home."

Xiao Jiu responded. He had already stayed with Zhao Hai in Linyuan Town for a while. When others were doing tasks, they were the only two looking after the children. Although they were a little bored, they also let him know that he usually What should be done, so the group of people staying here in Linyuan Town will be under his command.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Okay, that's it. Let's go and have a rest. Those who are going to set off tomorrow morning will all go out with me. We are going to avenge those dead brothers. "Everyone responded with a roar, then turned and left.

Zhao Hai returned to his room and was about to lie down to rest when he suddenly felt that a teleportation array in his hand lit up. He couldn't help being surprised. He immediately took out the teleportation array and the teleportation array. The teleportation array was given to him by Old Liu Tou before he left with Lanka. It was to facilitate their contact. Now the teleportation array suddenly lit up, which made Zhao Hai startled. He thought it was Lanka. What's going on?

I took out the teleportation array and saw that there was a jade slip on it. I took out the jade slip and looked at it carefully. I found that the jade slip was actually a jade slip announcing safety, but the jade slip in the jade slip was There is a lot of content, and it also talks about the situation of Lanka in the Gongsun family.

After Lanka returned to the Gongsun family, the people of the Gongsun family arranged for Lanka to join the Gongsun family. This process was to worship the ancestral temple and then enter Lanka into the Gongsun family's genealogy, which was a big deal. , so some people in the Gongsun family objected, thinking that Lanka's origin was unknown and he could not join the Gongsun family. But then they tested Lanka's strength, especially after seeing the silk thread in Lanka's hand, no one would What to say.

Although that thread is inconspicuous, it represents a lot of things. There is a kind of people in Wanshan Realm. They are born different from ordinary people. They are born with some things that others cannot. For example, some people are born with the ability to incarnate. To become a monster, some people are born with the ability to control metal, and some people are born with stronger mental power. And such people have a name here in Wanshan Realm, called the Chosen One, which means that they are chosen by God. People are the favorites of God, and their achievements will be much better than ordinary people. Therefore, when the people of the Gongsun family saw the thread on Ranka, they thought he was a chosen one, so Ranka joined No one in the Gongsun family would object.