c7904 quit

Seeing Lao Liutou and Lanka disappear from the room, Zhao Hai and Xiao Jiu couldn't help but sigh. Xiao Jiu even said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, do you think Lanka is really safe? I'm a little worried. ." Xiaojiu is really worried about Lanka. After all, they have watched Lanka grow up. In their hearts, Lanka is just like their own children. It is precisely because of this that they are worried.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, it's safer than here." Zhao Hai is still very confident in Old Liu Tou. After all, the Gongsun family there is much stronger than them here. Now It is really not suitable for them to keep Lanka here, it is too dangerous.

After finishing speaking, Zhao Hai turned to Uncle Cao who was standing aside and said: "Uncle Cao, from now on this place will be run by you, but you also know that now the entire Linyuan Town belongs to our Ancient Sword Sect, so this place is also ours. The property of the Ancient Sword Sect, any small things that come and go in the sect from now on will be left to you, and you will communicate with the people in the Lingfeng Sect, and they will send it to us, how about it?"

Uncle Cao said quickly: "Don't worry, leader, I will do a good job." Although Uncle Cao has been a casual cultivator all his life and has never run a shop, this shop does not need to be run in the first place, and he also has experience in the world, so Don't worry about anything, Zhao Hai nodded at him, and then led Xiao Jiu and the others out of the store.

When they arrived outside the shop, they went directly back to the yard. After sitting down in the room, Zhao Hai looked at Xiaojiu and the others and said in a deep voice: "I think it won't take long for the news of Lanka and the others to leave. It will be spread out, and those men in black will not come to pester us. Tomorrow, the soup of the Iron Feathered Bird will be ready, and we can all have a sip of the soup of the Iron Feathered Bird. I'm afraid then Those casual cultivators will leave. After all, there are no benefits to be gained, but today is a very important day. This is their last chance. They will definitely attack us with all their strength today. What do you have? idea?"

Xiaojiu practiced it with just two eyes and said loudly: "Those guys, they actually killed Brother Hu and Brother Scarface. I will never let them go. Brother, kill them. They must not be kept. They must be killed." Kill them." Everyone else also started making noises, and they also meant the same thing.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, then smiled slightly and said: "Dealing with them is certain, but how to deal with them is what we must pay attention to. The people who come to attack us this time are all our enemies, and I don't care about any of them." will let it go, so I mean, we have to find out their identities first, but those guys all have their faces covered, and we don't know their identities right now, so the first thing we have to do is find out their identities first , and then clean them up."

Xiaojiu and the others all nodded, then looked at Zhao Hai one by one, waiting for Zhao Hai to continue. Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Now transfer the iron feather bird's soup to our secret room immediately, so that The pot of soup has been cooking in the secret room, and all of us quit the town. When we quit, others will definitely come in. When they see that there is no one in the town, they will leave. They leave a group, and we Just send people to follow a group of them, find their whereabouts, and know their identities, and then wait until after tomorrow, those guys will all leave, and then we will clean up, slowly one by one, without sparing any one."

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Xiao Jiu and the others couldn't help but their eyes lit up. Xiao Jiu immediately nodded and said: "Okay, brother, just do this. We will go out now and move the pot of soup first. We must not give it to anyone." They stay and deal with it later." The others all nodded, fully agreeing with Zhao Hai's approach.

Zhao Hai glanced at them, and then said: "Okay, let's take action." Several people responded, and then started to move directly. They first wanted to move the pot of soup to the secret room. You must know that in this process The pot of soup must always be boiled over fire, otherwise the pot of soup may become useless.

This may be difficult for ordinary people, but it is not difficult for monks. It only requires the cooperation of two people, so the pot of soup can be easily transferred away, while Zhao Hai directly He took everyone away and left Linyuan Town through the secret passage.

Just as Zhao Hai and the others left Linyuan Town, a group of casual cultivators immediately entered Linyuan Town. They were originally very careful because several groups of people had entered Linyuan Town before, but none of them had received any favors. Go, so they were very careful this time, but they didn't expect that after they entered Linyuan Town, they didn't see anyone, and the whole town was deserted.

At first, they were worried that this was a conspiracy of his Gu Jian Gang, but after checking the town for a while, they found that Xin was not like this. There was really no such thing in the town. This surprised them all, and then they I immediately asked the shops in the town. The other shops didn't know what was going on. The only ones who knew, Uncle Cao, couldn't tell them the truth. They only said that the Gujian Gang had left the town and left.

As soon as the casual cultivators heard the news, they immediately called people into the town. In the end, they found that there was really no one in the town, and only those shops were still open. Now those people were really anxious, many of them The people immediately set fire to the town and burned some houses in the town.

At this time, the members of the Gujian Gang who were hiding in the woods outside the town saw the fire in Zongzi, and one of them couldn't help but spit fire with his eyes. However, none of them made a sound, but there was murderous intent in their eyes. , waiting to deal with those guys later, but Zhao Hai kept looking ahead with a calm expression.

Soon a group of casual cultivators left the town. They came here just to grab the Iron Feathered Bird. Even if they couldn't sell the Iron Feathered Bird, they still wanted to take a sip of the Iron Feathered Bird's soup. Now there is nothing. , there was no point in them staying here, so they left immediately.

They left, but Zhao Hai immediately sent people to follow them to see who they usually were in that town. It was necessary to find out their identities. Slowly, one team after another. All the casual cultivators left, and Zhao Hai also sent out people one by one. Finally, when he counted carefully, he actually sent out nine people. In other words, there were nine groups of casual cultivators who entered the town. many.

When no one came out of the town, Zhao Hai entered the town in person and took a look. He found that there was a group of people in the town. There were more than fifty people in this group, and now they were all gathered in Lan. The Ka family's yard and the Beard's original yard were in their original yard, and they should be a group of people.

After Zhao Hai discovered this situation, he did not alert them, and sneaked out of the town and into the woods. After they entered the woods, all those who followed them came back soon. As soon as the people came back, Zhao Hai realized that those people were actually people from several surrounding towns. They were not even twice as powerful as they were. They were all unranked forces in the town. What did Zhao Hai do? Can not be angry.

However, although Zhao Hai's face was ugly, he did not say anything. Instead, he said to those people: "Okay, it's good to know their identities. The next thing to do is to deal with them. Before dealing with them, we must first deal with the town." Those guys left behind have been cleaned up. Let’s take a rest. We will take action tonight to clean up all those guys in one fell swoop, and then rebuild the town.” Everyone agreed, and then they all found a place to rest. , but no one could sleep, so everyone had their eyes breathing fire, waiting for the night to come.

Soon the night came, Zhao Hai called everyone up, let everyone eat something, and then moved their bodies. After everyone was done moving, Zhao Hai looked at the time and found that it was already It was midnight, and he waved his hand and said: "Action." Everyone started to move. They had been waiting for this moment. In an instant, countless black shadows entered the town directly, and then slowly Slowly he rushed towards the Gujian Gang's station.

When they arrived outside the two courtyards, they found that there were actually people keeping vigil in the two courtyards. Zhao Hai pointed at Duandao and Feihua, and then waved his hand. They both nodded and walked directly towards the two courtyards. Not long after, the two people popped up from the courtyard wall and waved to Zhao Hai and the others.

Zhao Hai immediately waved his hand, and everyone rushed towards the two courtyards. This time, they did not intend to leave the two courtyards behind. Instead, they all took out their magic weapons or spells and headed towards the two courtyards. After entering the house, they heard two loud rumbling noises, and the two houses collapsed at once.

As the two rooms collapsed, several figures in the room rushed out. However, Zhao Hai was not polite. With a wave of his hand, everyone immediately attacked those figures. Those figures were Among the casual cultivators, they were considered to be good players, but when faced with attacks from so many people, they didn't even have the strength to fight back and were killed on the spot.

Then Zhao Hai asked Duandao and Xiaojiu to lead people into the two courtyards to see if there were any living people in the ruins of the two rooms. Xiaojiu and the others briefly checked and found that in the ruins of the two rooms, There was no one alive anymore. Seeing this situation, Zhao Hai immediately asked everyone to clean up the battlefield.

After cleaning up the battlefield, everyone became happy because they discovered that although those people died, they left behind a lot of space equipment and magic weapons, a lot of spiritual stones, and even a lot of The skills and these things were enough to make up for their losses, which made everyone very happy.

Zhao Hai immediately organized the adults to take the bodies of those people and bury them outside the town, and then found a place to rest for the night. Starting from tomorrow, they will rebuild the town. For Zhao Hai, this matter It can be very important. Although it is inconvenient to do anything here in Linyuan Town, no matter what, for other people, this is their home. It must be rebuilt here to give everyone a sense of belonging. It is very important to everyone.