c7909 take refuge

Xiao Jiu looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, is it too early for us to expand now? You also said that our current approach has caused dissatisfaction among some people. So, if we are expanding, will it cause everyone If people are dissatisfied and they unite to deal with us, wouldn’t it be more difficult for us to deal with it?”

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "It's okay. People who are dissatisfied with us now will still be dissatisfied with us no matter what we do. On the contrary, we are acting more domineering now, and some timid people will be dissatisfied with us." , On the contrary, I dare not say anything. Maybe in the future we will recruit some gangs to join our Ancient Sword Gang, and the strength of our Ancient Sword Gang will become stronger. On the contrary, no one dares to provoke us. We were too low-key before. , no one dares to throw their claws at us, if we had behaved extremely tyrannically before and let everyone know that we were not easy to mess with, maybe Brother Hu and the others would not have died."

After hearing what Zhao Hai said, everyone was silent. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said, "Just settle down and nothing will happen. Anyway, there will be a while before we can carry out our plan. Before that, We will keep a low profile, go, have a good rest, and prepare for the next action. Regardless of whether we want to expand or not, those who have attacked our Linyuan Town must die."

Xiao Jiu nodded, then stood up, saluted to Zhao Hai, then turned and left. Zhao Hai also returned to his yard. After returning to his yard, he immediately went to another place secretly. When a visitor comes to Xuan, he must go and understand the situation at the Hell Gate. He will be out for a month this time. He must have a good understanding of the situation at the Hell Gate and see if there are any instructions there.

When Zhao Hai arrived at Ke Laixuan and met the old shopkeeper, the old shopkeeper invited Zhao Hai to the room in the backyard. After arriving in the room, the old shopkeeper immediately said to Zhao Hai: "Sir, what's going on in the door? I have a jade slip for you, and I have been ordered to give it to you as soon as you come back. If you don’t come, I will go look for you.”

Zhao Hai nodded, took the jade slip, and carefully looked at the contents in the jade slip. After reading it, he put away the jade slip, turned to the shopkeeper and said: "I have an order from the door. , told me that I did a good job this time, and even ordered me to let the Ancient Sword Gang expand if there is a chance in the future."

When the old shopkeeper heard what Zhao Hai said, he also nodded and said: "I think the sect also wants to expand its strength. Although the development of the Hell Sect in recent years is very fast, it is actually just building buildings everywhere. It’s just a few strongholds. If there is a force like yours that is open to the public, then many things may be more convenient. But brother, you have to be careful, because one can’t do it well. The Ancient Sword Gang may become the enemy of all casual cultivators."

Having said this, he paused for a moment, then sighed softly and said: "There were some powerful casual cultivators in the past who wanted to integrate all the casual cultivators into a whole and become a force, because in that case, there would be no People dare to underestimate us, even those big sects will never dare to offend us easily, but in the end it failed because those sects did not agree."

"Although those sects seem to allow us casual cultivators to develop freely and don't care what's going on, the real situation is not like this. They have established various small cultivators in various small towns. Those shops are not just for doing business, but more for monitoring us. They absolutely do not want another force that can compete with them to appear, so if we develop to a certain extent, they will definitely Those who deal with us will definitely do so.”

Zhao Hai nodded. He really believed what the old shopkeeper said. Those big sects absolutely did not want to see another force that could compete with them appear, so if they really wanted to integrate all the scattered cultivators, , will definitely usher in the destruction of those big sects, and if those sects want to deal with them, it will be too easy.

The old shopkeeper looked at Zhao Hai, and then said: "Brother, although I am only a peripheral member, but I should say something that I shouldn't say. Sir, your foundation in the sect is not stable now, so you must be in the sect yourself." The foundation of the Gujian Gang has been stabilized, and then we are making other plans, otherwise, everything will be empty talk. Big brother, you want the Gujian Gang to expand, but after the Gujian Gang expands, what if someone in the sect wants to pick peaches? Sir Do you want to give in or not? If you give in, then everything you have done before, my lord, has been to make a wedding dress for others. If you don’t give in, then you are violating the order of the sect. Then the sect can be open and aboveboard. Someone has been sent to deal with you, so sir, you must now stabilize your hand and make yourself stronger. Only in this way can you truly have a place in the door and have your own voice in the door. "

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help turning his head to look at him and said in a deep voice: "Shopkeeper, you shouldn't say these words, right? Tell me, what do you think? I'm very curious. Ah." Zhao Hai was really curious. He didn't quite understand why the shopkeeper told him so much.

The shopkeeper looked at Zhao Hai, smiled slightly and said: "Actually, it's nothing, I'm just placing a bet. Sir, you have good strength, and now you still have a force like the Ancient Sword Gang in your hands. This If you are in the door, you already have a certain say. If you become stronger in the future, you can cultivate your own power in the door. The villain just wants to be your subordinate. .”

Speaking of which, the shopkeeper calmed down for a moment, and then said: "The villain is already quite old and has no hope of everlasting life, but the villain doesn't want to live his life in such an ordinary way and die here in the end, being treated as a fool. An ordinary casual cultivator was buried. I also want to make a career, so I want to be your subordinate, and follow you to make a career together." At this point, he stood up and faced Zhao Hai could not afford to bow his head.

Zhao Hai looked at him and suddenly smiled and said: "Okay, I really didn't expect that the first person who would seek refuge in me in the sect would be you. You are right, my foundation in the sect is not stable now. But the most important reason why my foundation in the sect is unstable is that I am not strong enough. If my strength is not enough, it is impossible to get the attention of the sect. Therefore, the most important thing for me now is actually to improve my own strength. Is there anything you can do about this?"

Although Zhao Hai did not say clearly that you are now my subordinate, the shopkeeper already understood the meaning of his words. He knew that Zhao Hai now regarded him as his confidant, which made him feel very sad. He was very happy, but as soon as he heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. He thought about it and said in a deep voice: "Sir, I have an idea, that is Qingyang Sect."

Speaking of this, he paused, glanced at Zhao Hai, and then said in a deep voice: "Sir, your chance now is actually very good. Although Qingyang Sect is not a big sect, it is not a small sect either. Their sect The strength of the sect is still good, and now you have established a relationship with Le Wenzhen of Qingyang Sect. If you have the opportunity to join Qingyang Sect in the future, it will definitely be a good thing for you. Not only will it make you Your training will become smoother, and your status in the sect will also become higher. This is definitely a good opportunity, and you must seize it."

Zhao Hai frowned and said in a deep voice: "It is not that easy to join the Qingyang Sect. You should also know that I am now a knife in Le Wenzhen's hand. The better I perform, the better Le Wenzhen will be. The more Wen Zhen is reluctant to put down my sword, the more difficult it will be for me to join the Qingyang Sect."

The shopkeeper said in a deep voice: "Sir, I think the situation is not that bad. I still know about Le Wenzhen. Le Wenzhen used to be an ordinary disciple in Qingyang Sect and he just emerged recently. The reason why he He became so strong because he received an unknown inheritance, which is why he became so strong. In other words, he had no foundation in Qingyang Sect before. If his strength can be further improved, , then he may become a formal disciple of Qingyang Sect, or even an inner disciple. At that time, he will need his subordinates even more, but now the disciples of Qingyang Sect have already joined those old strong men, no matter What will be left for him? Even if there are some people left for him, he may not dare to use them. If he accepts those people, then he may not have any secrets in the future. In this case, He definitely needs a confidant, and when he reaches the level of an inner disciple, he will not need anyone to help him with things outside the sect, because he will turn his attention to the inside of the sect. At this time, he will Thinking of you coming, my lord, I will transfer you back to the sect to help him, so that he can truly feel at ease. What do you think, lord?" After the shopkeeper finished speaking, he looked at Zhao Hai with fixed eyes. He felt that his This method is really good, but it depends on Zhao Hai whether to use it or not.

Zhao Hai's eyes lit up, and then he said in a deep voice: "If I make the Ancient Sword Gang stronger and can always control the Ancient Sword Gang, then he transfers me to Qingyang Sect, not only can I increase the number of His strength in the sect will also give him a force outside the sect, so that he will value me more, and after I join the Qingyang Sect, I will have a better development environment and a better With more skills and a better training environment, our strength will become stronger by then. In this way, my status in the Hell Gate will be higher, and my status in the Hell Gate will also be higher, you say Is this what you mean?"

The shopkeeper smiled slightly and said: "Exactly, sir, this is what I mean. I am using the Qingyang Sect to improve my own strength. I am using my own strength to in turn enhance my status in the Hell Gate. This person here in the Hell Gate Identity, I think we'd better not give up. If your strength becomes stronger and your status in the Hell Gate is higher, then you can pass through the Hell Gate and get more benefits, which in turn will help I want you to improve your status in Qingyang Sect. In this way, you will have good development whether in Qingyang Sect or Hell Gate, what do you think?"