c7903 agree

Old Liu Tou sat in front of Zhao Hai, looked at Zhao Hai and said solemnly: "The family has agreed, and the young lady has put pressure on the family. Although the young lady is being punished now, she is the most talented among this generation in the family. The best, and the most influential in the Lingfeng Sect. In fact, the young lady is now planning to see if she can cancel the Huxiao Sect’s marriage, and then prepare to compete for the leadership of the Lingfeng Sect, so now People in the family don't dare to offend the young lady."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "As soon as Lanka leaves, are you going to leave too? Why is Lanka's mother going to compete for the position of the sect leader now? Can he succeed?" Zhao Hai was concerned about this matter In fact, I am still very concerned about this matter, because the higher the status of Lanka's mother, the safer Lanka is.

Old Liu Tou said in a deep voice: "This is what the young lady just told me. In fact, the young lady now has more advantages in competing for the position of the sect leader. The sect leader of the Lingfeng Sect cannot marry in this life. In the past, the young lady Being engaged to someone from the Huxiao Sect, it is impossible to compete for the sect leader. But now, although the marriage between the young lady and the Huxiao Sect is still there, the young lady has a child named Lanka, which means that the young lady is still married to the Huxiao Sect. , he can completely use this as a reason to cancel his marriage, and when the time comes, it will be more convenient for her to compete for the position of sect leader."

Zhao Hai nodded, and Old Liu Tou then said: "As soon as Lanka leaves, I will naturally return to the Gongsun family. What the lady means is that before he leaves seclusion, Lanka will always be under my control." Come take care of her, so I have to go back." At this point, Old Liu Tou's face showed a look of joy. He liked Lanka very much, and he was actually very happy to be able to take care of Lanka all the time.

Zhao Hai looked at him and couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Okay, I'm relieved that Lanka is taken care of by you, but there is one more thing that you have to deal with, and that is your grocery store Shop, did you pick up the goods from Lingfeng Sect before? If so, what will you do there next? Should you just close it?"

Old Liu Tou really had never thought about this problem. Now when he heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately said: "I got the goods from Lingfeng Sect, but it is considered a normal transaction. If I leave and you still want this grocery store, I can help so that you can still buy goods from there, what do you think?"

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Of course we have to keep it. Now the majority of our transactions are with the four major stores, but if we keep trading with the four major stores, it will be equivalent to handing our lifeblood into the hands of the four major stores. , if one of them fails, we will be controlled by them, so it is very necessary to preserve your store, and this incident has actually exposed a lot of problems. First of all, it is a confidentiality issue. I don’t know what you are doing. Have you ever noticed it?"

Old Liu Tou was stunned, then looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion and said: "What's the issue of confidentiality? I really haven't paid attention to this." Old Liu Tou didn't lie, he did not quite understand what Zhao Hai meant. , Zhao Hai looked at him and couldn't help but sigh, and then said: "Do you know what kind of reasons those casual cultivators used to attack us? Iron Feather Bird, and people who know about Iron Feather Bird How many? Except for some people in the town, no one knows at all. How did this news get out? Even if those people who were saved did spread the news, where did they get the news? Or from the small town? Any news? I think it’s either the people in the Gujian Gang who have a problem, or the other shops in the town. So no matter what, your shop must be retained, and the channels must be retained, because this It can save lives when necessary." Zhao Hai had already thought of this problem, but he didn't tell anyone else.

When Old Liu Tou heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned. Then he nodded and said in a deep voice: "What you said makes sense, very reasonable. Well, this channel can be retained. After I go back , we will also help you expand channels, and we can keep in touch if anything happens in the future. In any case, because of the relationship with Lanka, the connection between us cannot be broken, so you can rest assured about this."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, that's the best if you can say that. I won't say anything else. It's settled. When will you take Lanka back? You can also see what's going on these days. Here it is, three days have passed since Broken Blade and the others returned to the town, and during these three days, rogue cultivators have been attacking the town every day, and I'm worried that they are about to take action."

Old Liu Tou said solemnly: "I can take Lanka and leave at any time, even now." He is actually very optimistic about this matter. He also wants Lanka to return to the Gongsun family as soon as possible. Only in that way can Lanka's safety be guaranteed, so he couldn't wait to leave right away.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's leave now. I have finished talking to Lanka. When you leave and Lanka is safe, we can deal with those casual cultivators. Those guys really should Clean it up properly." Zhao Hai really hated those casual cultivators to the core, he had to teach them a lesson.

But because Lanka is here, he has never dared to go out. He is worried that if he leaves, those men in black will take the opportunity to enter the town. If that happens, Lanka will be in danger. Only Lanka is safe. He Only then can we safely deal with those rogue cultivators and teach them a lesson they will never forget.

Old Liu Tou said in a deep voice: "Okay, then prepare for Lanka. We are leaving now. By the way, who are you planning to let take over the grocery store? Let him come with me and I will explain to him." Old Liu Tou knew that Zhao Hai might have something to say to Lanka alone, so he gave Zhao Hai some time.

Zhao Hai nodded, went directly outside, and then said loudly: "Xiao Jiu, go quickly and call Uncle Cao." Xiao Jiu was in the yard, watching the children practice, although these days , The people of the Gujian Gang have been fighting against those casual cultivators, but their training of children has never stopped.

The Uncle Cao whom Zhao Hai called was an old casual cultivator. He and his wife lived in a small town. They originally had a son, but the son died. The two old men were older. , there is no way to go out to do tasks, life has always been very hard, now that I have joined the Gujian Gang, life is slowly getting better, and Zhao Hai is planning to let Uncle Cao take over the grocery store this time.

Xiao Jiu responded and immediately went to call someone. After a while, an old man came to the yard. This old man looked to be in his sixties. He was very thin, with a hunched back. There were many wrinkles on his face, and he would appear from time to time. He coughed. In fact, many casual cultivators end up like him when they grow old.

Zhao Hai said to the old man: "Uncle Cao, Uncle Liu is leaving the town. He left the grocery store to us. You go with Uncle Liu, and he will tell you how to get the things in the grocery store." , you must learn from him, and it will be our own business from now on." Zhao Hai still has great trust in this Uncle Cao, because this Uncle Cao usually works in the fields and is very serious. He had been observing him for quite some time and thought he was the most suitable candidate.

When Uncle Cao heard what Zhao Hai said, his eyes immediately lit up. He immediately clasped his fists at Zhao Hai and said, "Yes, gang leader, I will do a good job." Xiao Jiu and the others called Zhao Hai their eldest brother. , but these people later called Zhao Hai the gang leader, but Xiaojiu and the others didn't really care about this matter.

Zhao Hai nodded and turned to look at Old Liu Tou. Old Liu Tou also walked out and said to Uncle Cao: "Old Cao, let's go, follow me." After saying that, he led Uncle Cao out of the yard. , walked towards the grocery store, but Zhao Hai called Ranka into the room. Xiaojiu looked at the backs of Ranka and Zhao Hai, but his eyes were very complicated. He knew that Ranka and Zhao Hai were going What to do, but it is precisely because of this that his eyes are so complicated.

Zhao Hai led Lanka into the room, looked at Lanka and said: "Lanka, I have already agreed with your Grandpa Liu. You will leave with your Grandpa Liu in a moment and go to the Gongsun Family. When you get to the Gongsun Family, you may Your surname will be changed to Gongsun, but it doesn't matter. Even if your surname is Gongsun, you are still Lanka. Don't worry about these little things. This is for you. You must always carry it with you. And these jade slips, Lanka, you Remember, no matter what others tell you, or how good other training methods are, you should not practice casually. These jade slips I gave you are the most suitable for you, and they can keep you practicing. Go down and don't show these jade slips to others. Master could have protected you, but for some reasons, Master can't do his best to protect you and can only send you to your mother. Don't be angry with Master." Zhao. As Hai said this, he took out a few jade slips and gave them to Ranka. He also took out a bracelet and brought it to Ranka's hand.

Lanka's eyes were already red, but this time he was not crying. Instead, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Master, you won't want Lanka, will you?" Although Lanka didn't know what Zhao Hai said, Meaning, but he also knew that Zhao Hai didn't want him, but had other reasons, but he still asked this question.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Of course, master will not let go of Lanka. Don't worry. One day, I will let everyone in the Wanshan Realm know that you are my disciple. Now you are just going to fuck you." Mother, just go and see your mother, don't worry." Of course Zhao Hai will not abandon Lanka, Lanka is his disciple.

Lanka nodded vigorously and said: "Okay, Master, I will be your disciple all my life." There was a firm look on his little face. Zhao Hai couldn't help but feel heartache when he looked at him. He hugged Lanka immediately. He really couldn't bear to let this child go. The bracelet he gave Lanka was actually a defensive weapon. If someone wanted to attack Lanka, the bracelet would automatically protect Lanka. If someone wants to poison Lanka but curse him, the bracelet will also protect Lanka. This is why Zhao Hai doesn't let him take off the bracelet.