c7901 Method

"You two, pick up everything under the ground, put away all the space equipment on them, and then continue to be alert. If someone comes to attack us, send an alarm directly." Zhao Hai looked at the things on the ground. The corpse said expressionlessly.

When Feihua and Di heard what Zhao Hai said, they immediately agreed and then immediately went to pack their things. However, Zhao Hai moved and returned directly to the yard. When they got to the yard, they saw Xiao Jiu They were all standing in the yard with worried faces. When they saw him coming back, everyone breathed a sigh of relief.

Then Xiaojiu and the others all saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Greetings, big brother." This time they called Zhao Hai big brother, and this title belonged to Hu Zhi before, but now both Hu Zhi and Scarface are dead. , and Hu Zhi left a message a long time ago that if he dies, then Zhao Hai will be the leader of the Ancient Sword Gang, so everyone calls him that now.

Zhao Hai was stunned by them, but he immediately understood what they meant. He glanced at these people, and then said in a deep voice: "That's it, let's go in and talk." Everyone responded and followed Zhao Hai into the room. , after arriving in the room and sitting down, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said: "Duandao, tell me what happened."

Duandao responded, and then said with a sad face: "Brother, we have been collecting herbs outside before. Nothing happened originally, but a few days ago, a group of people suddenly appeared. No, They kept attacking us, with no intention of holding back at all. Their attacks were very powerful and sudden. Many of us were injured at that time. As you know, we are not very strong. Strong, those people suddenly attacked us, and we were very impatient. Several people died in the battle, and we were also injured. Brother Hu asked everyone to retreat at that time, but those people refused to let us go. They were chasing us, we fought and retreated, but some people still died in the battle. In the end, Brother Hu and Brother Scarface also died in battle in order to cover us. We also tried our best and escaped back to the town."

Zhao Hai frowned and said, "Are the only ones who attack you are those casual cultivators who don't wear black clothes and use black daggers?" This is what Zhao Hai is most concerned about, because those people in black are their biggest threat. , as for those casual cultivators, they are really not looked down upon by Zhao Hai.

Duandao was stunned for a moment, then shook his head and said: "No, they are all rogue cultivators." Duandao still doesn't know what happened in the town, so he doesn't know what Zhao Hai means by this sentence, but in When Zhao Hai mentioned black clothes and black daggers, he still thought of Lanka's father.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "When those casual cultivators fought against you, did they ever say why they attacked you?" Zhao Hai really didn't understand why those casual cultivators wanted to attack you. Could it be that attacking them, just like Qiu Wanqian, was for the non-existent sect token on Lanka?

Duandao thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Yes, there is a casual cultivator who asked us to hand over the Iron Feathered Bird." After Duandao finished speaking, he looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion and said: "Brother, we really There is no iron-feathered bird, did they make a mistake?" Duandao was really confused about this matter, because they really did not have the iron-feathered bird in their hands.

When Zhao Hai and Xiao Jiu heard what Duandao said, they were stunned for a moment, and then their expressions changed. Xiao Jiu then said: "They are right, we have iron feather birds in our hands, but they are not with you. , here at our place, I took the children out for a trial and hunted an iron-feathered bird, and now we have cooked the iron-feathered bird, just waiting for you to come back and drink the soup."

When Duandao and the others heard what Xiao Jiu said, they were all stunned. For a moment, they didn't know what to say. However, Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "The truth is not that simple. They are fighting Iron Feather Birds." flag, but not many people know that we have an iron-feathered bird in our hands, and those men in black who appeared before are really weird. I think the news that we have an iron-feathered bird in our hands must be the black ones. The clothes man told the casual cultivators in order to get those casual cultivators to attack us. For those casual cultivators, an iron-feathered bird is enough to make them attack us."

Xiao Jiu nodded, then looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, what do you mean, they are under the banner of Iron Feather Bird, but in fact, their real purpose is to come for Xiao Lanka?" Xiao Jiu is now I also understood that the enemy must have come for little Lanka, because before, Lanka’s father died in the hands of those men in black.

When Duandao and the others heard what Xiao Jiu said, they all turned to look at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "If they are here for Xiao Lanka, what should we do? What do you think? "?" Zhao Hai had to know what these people were thinking before he could make a decision, so he asked directly. Although some of these people might lie, Zhao Hai believed that if someone really lied, they would not be able to escape him. s eyes.

Duandao suddenly stood up and said: "Lanka is the blood of Brother Lan. We must not let anything happen to Brother Lan. Even if all of us are killed in the battle, we must keep little Lanka alive. , Brother, take Lanka with you and go through the secret passage. We stay here and wait for the enemy to arrive. If the enemy really dares to come, we will fight with them and buy some time for you. .”

The others also nodded at the same time, with a look of determination on their faces. Zhao Hai smiled slightly when he saw their performance. To be honest, he was really very satisfied with their performance. Satisfied, he finally nodded and said: "Okay, it's best if everyone thinks so, and I know what to do. In fact, there is a best-of-both-worlds method, which can not only save Lanka's life, but also We won’t make any sacrifices, I just don’t know if everyone will agree.”

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, everyone showed a look of curiosity. They all looked at Zhao Hai, waiting for Zhao Hai's next words. Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled slightly: "With our strength, It is really not enough to save Lanka's life now. The reason why those men in black did not enter the town to kill us is not because they are afraid of our strength, but because they dare not enter the town. They are afraid It’s not us, it’s another person.”

He paused for a moment, then looked at everyone and said, "Everyone knows that Uncle Liu and Lanka have an unusual relationship. Uncle Liu had a deep conversation with me before. Uncle Liu is actually a domestic servant of Lanka's mother. The reason why he has been staying here in Linyuan Town is to protect little Lanka. Lanka's mother is a core disciple of Lingfeng Sect and a member of the Gongsun family, one of the large families of Lingfeng Sect, and Uncle Liu is An old servant of the Gongsun family."

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. They really didn't expect that Lanka's mother would have such a big background. This surprised them all, and they didn't know what to say for a moment. Okay, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "But now there is also a problem with Lanka's mother. Uncle Liu told me that he has contacted Lanka's mother, Lanka's mother, Now he is being punished by Lingfeng Sect and cannot care about external affairs. The Gongsun family will not care about Lanka's affairs. Someone from Lingfeng Sect wants to deal with little Lanka, and the people from Lingfeng Sect have taken Lanka's mother. , was betrothed to a person from the Tiger Roar Sect, and the person from the Tiger Roar Sect also wants to deal with Lanka, so the current situation of Lanka is actually very dangerous, at least we are unable to protect Lanka."

Xiao Jiu said in a deep voice: "Brother, just tell me what you are going to do." Xiao Jiu knew Zhao Hai very well. He knew that although Zhao Hai said this, he must have already made his own plans. So he was not polite and asked Zhao Hai directly what his plans were.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "My plan is actually very simple. I want to convince the Gongsun family to let Lanka return to the Gongsun family. The Gongsun family is a big family of Lingfeng Sect. If Lanka returns to the Gongsun family, then Lanka will be safe." It can be guaranteed, and at the same time he can get better care. After Lanka's mother ends the punishment, she can still see him. By then, not only Lanka will be safe, but we will also be safe."

When Xiao Jiu and others heard what Zhao Hai said, their expressions changed, and Duandao even said: "Brother, if we really do this, then Lanka will probably be renamed Gongsun by the Gongsun family, then we How can we deal with Brother Lan? I don't agree with this." The others all nodded, except Xiao Jiu who didn't express anything.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "If we don't send the Gongsun family, then Lanka will only have a dead end, and we will have only a dead end. Do you mean to wait until we are dead, and then let those people kill Lanka too?" Even if Lan Ka is changed to Gongsun, so what, he is still the blood of Brother Lan."

When Duandao and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they all fell silent. They really didn't think of this before. Now after Zhao Hai said this, they suddenly realized that this seemed to be a good solution. So they all remained silent. Although they agreed with Zhao Hai's words, they were really embarrassed to ask them to change their stance immediately.

Zhao Hai looked at their expressions, and then said in a deep voice: "I don't know whether this matter can be done, because I haven't told Uncle Liu about it yet, so if we want to carry out this matter, we must The Gongsun family must agree, and we must ask Uncle Liu to convince the Gongsun family, so we must make a decision as soon as possible."

"I agree with what the elder brother said." Xiao Jiu suddenly said: "The elder brother is right. We people are simply incapable of protecting Lanka now. Should we let Lanka be killed? Lanka has become Gongsun Family, even if he cannot join the Lingfeng Sect in the future, with the ability of the Gongsun family, Lanka can be allowed to join other sects. Lanka will definitely be better off by then. Isn’t this what we hope for? I I think this is what Brother Lan wants, so I agree with him and let Lanka return to the Gongsun family. This is the best choice for Lanka and us."