c7902 discuss

Uncle Liu was let into the room by Zhao Hai. There were only four people in the room, namely Uncle Liu, Zhao Hai, Xiao Jiu and Duandao. After they all sat down, Zhao Hai said to Uncle Liu: "Uncle Liu, what you said before I have told Xiaojiu and the others about the matter. We all know about the situation of Lanka’s mother, but you should also know about the situation here. There will be enemies here at any time, but we do not have the ability to protect them. Lanka is very thoughtful, so I came up with a way, and asked Uncle Liu to take a look at it to see if our method is feasible."

Old Liu Tou looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion, and said in a deep voice: "Just tell me, I listen, as long as I can save Lanka's life, I am willing to do anything." Old Liu Tou is the most important person to Lanka's mother. A loyal servant, so what he said is absolutely true. He can do anything to save Lanka's life.

Zhao Hai looked at Old Liu Tou and said in a deep voice: "Uncle Liu, we have thought of a way, that is to let Lanka return to the Gongsun family and recognize their ancestors and return to the clan. As long as the Gongsun family is willing to accept Lanka, then Lanka's surname will be Naturally, it was saved. The Gongsun family is a big family of the Lingfeng Sect, and it is within the hinterland of the Lingfeng Sect. No one should dare to attack them at will. As long as Lanka becomes a member of the Gongsun family, then even if the other party is I’m afraid I won’t dare to offend Lanka easily if I am a person who has transcended salvation.”

When Old Liu Tou heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he immediately shook his head and said: "It's impossible. Although Lanka is the child of the young lady, people from the Gongsun family will not recognize this child. , because Lanka’s status is too low, this road will not work.”

Zhao Hai looked at Old Liu Tou and said in a deep voice: "Don't be so absolute. We know that Lanka's identity may not be enough. Brother Lan is just an ordinary casual cultivator, but Lanka's talent is there. As long as he lets If Lanka can practice well, then Lanka will definitely become a master in the future. By then, Lanka will be a disciple of the Gongsun family. Don’t you think this is enough? Could it be that the Gongsun family thinks that there are too many masters in their family? Yet?"

Old Liu was stunned, but then he frowned. To be honest, he had never thought of this before. In his opinion, the Gongsun family would not let Lanka join their family, but But he ignored Ranka's strength, or rather Ranka's talent. Ranka's talent is really very good. If Ranka is really allowed to join the Gongsun family, it will be a good thing for the Gongsun family. .

Zhao Hai looked at Old Liu Tou and said in a deep voice: "You can also contact Lanka's mother and ask her to put pressure on the Gongsun family. I think the Gongsun family will not give up on Lanka's mother, right? Even if it is Lanka's mother can no longer be the head of the Lingfeng Sect. Does it mean that she has no influence at all in the Lingfeng Sect? If he really has no influence, then the people in the Lingfeng Sect will also Don't you want to deal with her? As long as he puts pressure on the Gongsun family, then this matter will definitely be accomplished. No big family will not let the very talented blood in the family wander outside."

Old Liu Tou thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "But if Lanka is allowed to join the Gongsun family, then he will have to change his surname to Gongsun. Are you really willing to do this?" Old Liu Tou was also most worried about this matter before. I know that here in the world of cultivation, people pay great attention to blood inheritance, and no one is willing to let their children change their surnames.

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said in a deep voice: "We don't want to do this, but if we don't do it, I'm afraid it won't work. With our strength, it's simply impossible to save little Lanka's life. You should also know that those men in black , the reason why we didn’t rush into the town is that you should be afraid, not us. If we don’t do this, the consequences will be really unimaginable.”

When Old Liu Tou heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but fell silent for once. What Zhao Hai said was absolutely right. Zhao Hai's strength was not enough to guarantee the safety of Lanka. If those people were really saved, After entering the small town, Lanka will not be able to survive, and the blow to the young lady will be even greater.

When he thought of this, Old Liu Tou said to Zhao Hai: "Okay, I agree. I will contact the lady right away. As soon as there is news, I will tell you right away." After saying that, he stood up and walked out. He had to Tell the lady about this as soon as possible, because if he is worried about those people who have transcended salvation, they will rush into the town at any time.

Zhao Hai nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, this matter is up to you. If the Gongsun family does not agree, then we can only find another way. Maybe we will leave with Lanka and find A place where you can live your whole life in anonymity. Only in this way can you save Lanka's life."

Old Liu nodded, glanced at Zhao Hai and said: "Okay, I will deal with this matter as soon as possible. Just wait for my news." After saying that, he stood up, gave everyone a fist, and then turned around After leaving, Zhao Hai let out a sigh of relief as he looked at Old Liu Tou's back.

At this time, Xiaojiu came to him and said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, what if the Gongsun family really disagrees?" What Xiaojiu is most worried about is that the Gongsun family does not agree to let Lanka return to the Gongsun family. , if they really disagree, it will be really troublesome.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "If they really don't agree, then we have no choice but to leave Linyuan Town. We will hide outside for a while and then slowly think of a way. Xiaojiu, treat the brothers." Let the brothers recover as soon as possible, we must ensure the safety of the town." Xiaojiu responded and immediately went to make arrangements.

But Zhao Hai looked outside and sighed. The fact happened too suddenly. It was almost impossible for Zhao Hai to solve the problem perfectly without exposing himself, so he had to wait until Gongsun As long as there is a reply from the Gongsun family, he will be able to make arrangements.

He has already thought about it. If the Gongsun family really doesn't agree, he will send everyone directly back to the Blood Killing Sect, and then appear here with a new look. But before that, he must go to talk to Lanka. Talk about it, he will never let Lanka resent them because of their decision.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai went directly to the woodshed, then called Lanka out and asked the other children to go back to their rooms to rest. When the other children returned to their rooms, Zhao Hai Then he took Lanka back to his room. After arriving in the room, Zhao Hai stopped Lanka, and then said to Lanka: "Lanka, you should also know what happened in the past few days. Brother Hu Zhi and Brother Scarface have died in the battle, and everyone else is also injured. Now I can be sure that those people’s target may be you, so in order to ensure your safety, Master, I have made some arrangements .”

When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, his face turned pale. He looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Master, don't you want little Lanka? Little Lanka doesn't want to leave you." Lanka is a very smart child. Hearing what Zhao Hai said, he knew that he might be separated from Zhao Hai, so he said this.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka's look and felt a sense of reluctance in his heart. He immediately said: "Lan Ka, it's not that Master doesn't want you. Master wants you. You will always be my disciple, but now, we must separate. For some time, I have made an agreement with your Grandpa Liu that your Grandpa Liu will contact your mother. Your mother’s family is a very powerful family. They can guarantee your safety. If they agree, then let Your Grandpa Liu will take you to your mother’s family.”

When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said with bright eyes: "Master, can I see my mother?" Every child hopes to live. When it comes to his mother, Lanka is no exception. Although he has almost no memory of his mother, his nature dictates that there is no way to change it.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "If you return to your mother's family, of course you can see your mother, but you may not be able to see it recently. Because your mother gave birth to you, she was Being punished by their sect, you won’t be able to see your mother when you go back now, but I believe that you will be able to see your mother soon.” Lanka’s mother was spiritually imprisoned when Lanka was three years old. Feng Zong was captured, and now Lanka is eight years old, which means that after five years of waiting, Lanka will be able to see his mother.

Lanka's eyes flickered, and he was obviously a little moved, but he was embarrassed to say it. Looking at him, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Lan Ka, you are still young now. Return to your mother. By your side, let your mother take a good look at you. It was because of you that your mother was punished by the sect. Go back and let your mother take a good look at you. He must have missed you very much these years."

Lanka looked at Zhao Hai and said: "But Master, I don't want to leave you." When he said this, his tears had already flowed down and he kept sobbing. He really couldn't bear to leave Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai was The person who gave him warmth when he was most helpless, in his heart, Zhao Hai was like his father, so he really couldn't bear to leave Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Lanka and said in a deep voice: "Silly boy, when you grow up in the future, you will always leave Master. It is the same if you leave now. Go to your mother's place and practice well there. In the future, you will be successful in your practice and become stronger. By then, no one will be able to stop you, and then you can come to Master."

When Lanka heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned for a moment, and then he nodded vigorously and said loudly: "I will practice hard in the future. By then, I will not be afraid of anyone. If anyone dares If they don't let me come to see you, Master, I will kill them." When he said this, there was a look of determination on his little face.

Zhao Hai looked at him, smiled slightly and said: "Okay, if anyone dares to prevent you from coming to see me in the future, we will kill him." Zhao Hai has already seen that Lanka's murderous intention is actually very serious Yes, they are much more murderous than ordinary monks, but Zhao Hai doesn't care. They are members of the Blood Killing Sect. Murderous intentions don't matter. The more murderous, the better!