c7905 reconstruction

After a night of silence, everyone got up early the next morning. Today they had to rebuild their homes. Zhao Hai took a look and found that there were not many complete houses left in the town. Only those shops were still there. Almost all of the remaining houses that were intact suffered varying degrees of damage.

He first asked everyone to pack out all the usable things in the house. Although they could use new ones, Zhao Hai still asked them to pack out those things because there were some things that those people had already used. We have been together for many years, and we already have feelings. It would be better if we let them sort it out.

After taking care of this, Zhao Hai asked everyone to knock down all the houses in the town, keep the usable stones, and throw away all the unusable things, and then asked a group of people to go out. Quarrying rocks and cutting down trees is really easy for people like them.

While Zhao Hai was busy with these things, Wu Yang suddenly sent someone to invite Zhao Hai. This made Zhao Hai stunned. Wu Yang had not come to Zhao Hai for a long time. This time When something happened to the Gujian Gang, he didn't come forward, which made Zhao Hai think that Le Wenzhen had given up on him, but he didn't expect that Wu Yang would come to invite him again at this time.

Zhao Hai quickly arrived at Qingfeng Yangyi Store and went directly to the backyard of the store. When everyone arrived at the backyard of the store, Zhao Hai saw Wu Yang waiting for him there. He quickly went up to greet him and rushed towards the store. Wu Yang clasped his fists, and Wu Yang clasped his fists at him and said, "Junior Brother Zhao, come in quickly, I have something to tell you." Zhao Hai nodded and followed Wu Yang into the room.

After Zhao Hai entered the room, Wu Yang said to Zhao Hai: "Junior Brother Zhao, I already know what happened to the Gujian Gang during this period of time. I have reported this matter, but Sir, he has been in retreat for this period of time. , so there has been no reply to me, and I don’t know what to do. This morning, your Excellency finally gave me a reply, please read it.” After saying that, Wu Yang took out the jade slip and handed it to Zhao Hai. .

Zhao Hai thanked him and took the jade slip. He glanced at the contents in the jade slip and smiled slightly, because the contents in the jade slip were very simple. Le Wen's orders were very simple and he had to ensure that his Safety, other people in the Gujian Gang can ignore it, they must ensure his safety.

Zhao Hai didn't blame Le Wenzhen. Le Wenzhen was already very good at achieving such a level, so he didn't blame Le Wenzhen. On the contrary, he was very grateful to Le Wenzhen. Le Wenzhen should He also knew that someone from Chaodu was involved in what happened this time. In this case, he still had to protect Zhao Hai's safety. He had already taken a lot of risks.

Zhao Hai put away the jade slip, saluted Wu Yang and said: "Thank you, Senior Brother Wu. Thank you, Senior Brother Wu. Apart from this, do you have any other instructions?" Zhao Hai really wanted to know, Le Wen really Apart from this request, is there any other request? Is there another task for him?

Wu Yang said in a deep voice: "My lord has no requirements. I only gave you this jade slip. You have seen the contents inside. I must ensure your safety. But now it looks like there is nothing wrong with you. Then I don’t have to worry about anything. Let’s do this. You are rebuilding Linyuan Town now. If you need anything, just tell me. If I can help, I will definitely help you.”

When Zhao Hai heard what Wu Yang said, he couldn't help but be startled, but then he said to Wu Yang with bright eyes: "Brother Wu, I really have one thing to tell you. What's going on here in Linyuan Town?" As you can see, this place is not fortified, but I am planning to turn this place into our base, so we must have certain defense means. Can I buy an early warning array from your lord, which does not require defense? We can’t afford the magic circle, the defensive magic circle, we just need the early warning magic circle, how about you help me ask the adults?”

Wu Yang was stunned for a moment, then he nodded and said, "Okay, I'll ask for you right now." After saying that, he took out the jade slip, entered some content directly into the jade slip, and then took out another He put the jade slips on the formation plate, and with a flash of light, the jade slips disappeared. Wu Yang then put the formation plate aside.

After placing it on the formation plate, Wu Yang looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, what are your thoughts next? Among the people who are dealing with you this time, there seems to be someone who can save people, right? I have received news that there are people who can save people. , what are your plans for activities around here?" Wu Yang called Zhao Hai brother this time, instead of junior brother, which made him appear closer.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "There are indeed transcendent people, but what they want to deal with is not us, but Lanka. Now that Lanka has been sent away by us, they should not take action. After all, they will kill us. They don’t care about completing the task, which is of no benefit to them at all, so there is nothing to worry about.”

Wu Yang nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Brother, you don't seem to be surprised at all about Chaodu people. Have you ever dealt with them before?" Wu Yang is really interested in Zhao Hai now. He became even more curious. He really wanted to know if Zhao Hai had dealt with Chaodu people before.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "No, I haven't said hello to Chaodu people, but I heard people say that it was Uncle Liu who used to be in the grocery store. He was actually from Lanka's mother's clan. Now he is I just took Lanka home, and I didn’t know that Lanka’s mother-in-law would actually be a member of the Lingfeng Sect.”

Zhao Hai did not hide it from Wu Yang. He even wanted to use Wu Yang's mouth to spread the news, so he told Wu Yang that he was not worried about the danger this matter would bring to Lanka. , those Chaodu people should have known about Lanka's life experience before dealing with Lanka. In this case, they still dared to deal with Lanka. They probably didn't want Lanka to go to the Gongsun family. Now Lanka has gone The Gongsun family should not be dealing with Lanka anymore.

And those who want Lanka's life will probably not let the Chaodu people take action. To deal with Lanka here, they don't dare to enter Linyuan Town. This shows that they have no regard for the Gongsun family and Lanka's mother. They are still very afraid. If Lanka joins the Gongsun family and they dare to deal with Lanka, then they will offend not only Lanka's mother, but also the entire Gongsun family and even the entire Lingfeng Sect.

This was really the first time Wu Yang heard about this matter. Now when he heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help being stunned, but then he said with a shocked face: "You mean, Lanka's mother turned out to be a spirit People from the Feng Sect? Really?" Wu Yang knew the strength of the Lingfeng Sect. It was one of the major sects here in Wanshan Realm, and one of the sects they would never dare to offend.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "That's right, Lanka's mother is from the Gongsun family of Lingfeng Sect. It was a coincidence that she gave birth to Lanka. Now that Lanka has returned to the Gongsun family, you also You know, Lanka's talent is so bright that he entered the Gongsun family, which is good for him and the Gongsun family. If those people dare to enter the Gongsun family and kill people, then there is nothing we can do. After all, the strength of us people is It’s impossible to compare with the Gongsun family.”

Wu Yang nodded. Although he didn't know what kind of family the Gongsun family was, no matter what, it was still a family of Lingfeng Sect. Going there in Lanka should be safer, at least better than It's much safer here. At this moment, a light flashed on the teleportation array, and a space bag appeared on it.

Wu Yang took the space bag and opened it. Inside was a jade slip, a formation plate, and several formation flags. As soon as he saw these things, Wu Yang knew that this was for Zhao Hai, so Wu Yang Yang immediately gave the space bag to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai took the space bag, took a look at the contents inside, and then took out the jade slip. He mentally explored the jade slip and immediately understood that Le Wen Zhen means.

Le Wen's meaning is very simple. He said that he was in retreat before, so he didn't know what happened to Zhao Hai and the others. Now that he knows, he is ready to help Zhao Hai. The array is an early warning array. Giving Zhao Hai an early warning array to build the defense in Linyuan Town will make Zhao Hai and the others safer.

Moreover, Le Wenzhen also told Zhao Hai that if he still needs any help, he can tell Zhao Hai directly and he will help Zhao Hai. The only thing left is the arrangement of the array disks and array flags. After Zhao Hai saw it, he smiled slightly, and then he turned to Wu Yang and said: "Brother Wu Yang, there are a lot of things going on here in Linyuan Town now, so I won't stay with you any longer. I have to go back immediately. Please forgive me."

Wu Yang immediately smiled and said: "Junior brother, you really have a lot of things to do now. If you need anything, tell me right away. If I can help, I will definitely help you with all my strength." Zhao Hai said. Xie, then turned around and walked out, but Wu Yang kept sending Zhao Hai out the door.

After Zhao Hai left, Wu Yang's face slowly became serious. He had to report the matter of Lanka's mother and let Dong Wenzhen know about it, because he could see that Le Wenzhen had a lot of feelings for Zhao Haizhen. He paid great attention to it, otherwise he would not have given the early warning array to Zhao Hai.

But at this time, Zhao Hai had already arrived outside, and then directed the people of the Ancient Sword Gang to rebuild Linyuan Town. On this day, they were just preparing materials and did not start rebuilding immediately. Just the original It will take a while to knock down all the houses, and then prepare the materials. There is really no need to rush.

In the evening, Zhao Hai came to Ke Laixuan again, met with the shopkeeper there, told the shopkeeper everything that happened here, and asked the shopkeeper to report the things here directly to Hell Gate. No matter what, he is all from Hell Gate and must report this matter.

After handling these matters, Zhao Hai directly asked people to share the Iron Feather Bird's soup with everyone. The soup was just in time. The entire Iron Feather Bird had completely disappeared. Zhao Hai came from the Ancient Sword Gang. One hundred people were selected, and each person had a bowl of soup, even if they all drank the pot of soup.