c7910 Task

Zhao Hai nodded, looked at the shopkeeper, and said in a deep voice: "Shopkeeper, don't you know your surname? For such a long time, I didn't know that there are people like the shopkeeper here in Linyuan Town. This person is really rude." Zhao Hai was really curious about the shopkeeper. The shopkeeper's strength may only be considered average, but his wisdom is definitely not simple.

The shopkeeper saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Sir, you are too polite. The villain's surname is Fang, and his name is Fang Keming." As soon as the shopkeeper heard Zhao Hai ask his name, he knew that he had made the right bet this time. Zhao Hai He was very considerate of what he said, which was definitely a good thing for him. It meant that Zhao Hai had accepted him.

Zhao Hai saluted Fang Keming and said: "Okay, Mr. Fang, what you said today is very reasonable. I won't say anything anymore. I will make arrangements. Don't worry, if one day, I really When I get rich, I will never forget you." After saying that, he stood up, saluted Fang Keming, then moved and left Fang Keming's yard.

Fang Keming looked at the direction Zhao Hai was leaving and couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. He was just an ordinary peripheral member of Hell Gate and had never been taken seriously by others. Although his talent in training was not very good and he was too old. He is too old to have too high achievements, but he thinks that he is no stupider than anyone else, and is even smarter than others. It is precisely because of this that he wants to join Zhao Hai.

His contact with Zhao Hai was no longer enough. He already knew what kind of person Zhao Hai was. Zhao Hai's strength was not weak, at least among casual cultivators, his strength was not weak, and he Very smart, and most importantly, he has a strong desire for revenge, and he is ruthless and dark. All these make Fang Keming feel that Zhao Hai will be a successful person. If he really takes refuge at this time If Zhao Hai is really developed in the future, he can become Zhao Hai's most capable subordinate.

Although it is impossible for him to become a powerful monk or live forever, in his lifetime, he can become a superior person and have other people salute him. He is also very happy. This is Fang Keming's ideal. He He wanted to watch the person who missed him salute him, but unfortunately, he never had such an opportunity.

In Hell Gate, although it seems that they respect talents very much, what they respect is actually those powerful monks. For ordinary monks, they don't care what kind of abilities you have. Because of this, That's why Fang Keming wanted to become a master more and more, but he never had such an opportunity until he met Zhao Hai. He felt that Zhao Hai could take a gamble, so he did it.

Zhao Hai left Ke Laixuan. In fact, he was very touched by Fang Keming's words. Fang Keming was not strong, but he was really a smart man. He knew that Fang Keming was betting that he would have a future. In other words, there are not many people who have such a vision. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai feels the value of Fang Keming.

Use the status of Qingyang Sect to improve your status in the Hell Gate, use the status of the Hell Gate to get more information, and in turn improve your status in the Qingyang Sect. It can be said like this This method is the most suitable for him now, and he is indeed very surprised.

But Zhao Hai doesn't have time to think about these things. He will proceed according to this plan, but now he still has a lot of things to do, and what he has to do now is to meet Wu Yang, and he has a month. He has not seen Wu Yang anymore, and Wu Yang is now his only channel to contact Qingyang Sect, so he cannot ignore it.

This time he didn't have to go in secret. He went directly to Qingfeng Yangyi store and met Wu Yang. After Wu Yang knew that Zhao Hai had arrived, he immediately greeted him, and the two of them arrived shortly after. In the backyard, he entered the living room in the backyard. After arriving in the living room in the backyard, Wu Yang kept looking at Zhao Hai. This made Zhao Hai stunned. He looked at Wu Yang with some confusion, and then He took another look at his clothes and said in a deep voice, "What's wrong? Is there something wrong?"

Wu Yang shook his head, sighed softly and said: "There is nothing wrong. To be honest, I was really frightened. I never thought that you would be so cruel and start to attack those people directly." I have already heard that people retaliated. You were very ruthless towards those gangsters. You didn’t hold back at all. It’s amazing. It’s really amazing. To be honest, what you did is really unbelievable. It’s beyond everyone’s expectation.”

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "It's nothing. Those who dare to come to retaliate against us must be prepared to be retaliated by us. Moreover, I am also preparing to expand externally when the weather gets warmer next spring. What do you think?" Zhao Hai was not prepared to hide this from Wu Yang and let Wu Yang know about it, which was equivalent to letting Le Wenzhen know about it, and doing so would only be good for him, not bad.

When Wu Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned for a few days. Then his expression couldn't help but change. He looked at Zhao Hai and said, "You mean the Ancient Sword Gang will expand in the coming year? Are you really sure?" Wu Yang couldn't help but change. Yang really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would be so bold and want to expand the Ancient Sword Gang. This was really beyond his expectation.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "It's time to expand the Ancient Sword Gang. Otherwise, if something happens in the future, I will still be attacked. I don't want to be attacked all the time, so I have no choice but to expand. As long as we are stronger, no one will dare to underestimate us anymore, and we no longer have to worry about others attacking us."

Wu Yang smiled bitterly and said: "That's impossible. Even in Tianxuan Sect, it's not like no one dares to touch them, let alone you. No matter how big you become, no one will dare to touch you. , if you really have such an idea, then give up on it as soon as possible."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, and then said: "Forget it, let's not talk about this matter, let's talk about other things. Is there any mission there? If there is no mission, I can just take a good rest for a while. If If anything, I will have nothing to do in the next period of time, and I can just complete your mission."

Wu Yang smiled bitterly and said: "You are so confident in yourself that you dare to say that. Anyway, my lord really has a mission. Here, this is a mission." After saying that, Wu Yang took out a piece of The jade slip was given to Zhao Hai, and then he continued: "My lord said, this task can be done slowly, don't be in a hurry."

Zhao Hai nodded, then took the jade slip that Wu Yang gave him, and took a closer look at the contents of the jade slip. After reading the contents of the jade slip, Zhao Hai couldn't help but frowned. This time The mission turned out to be another assassination mission, which really surprised Zhao Hai. However, the target of the assassination this time was not the store manager in the outlying town, but the manager of a city in the Qingyang Sect. , this really surprised Zhao Hai.

He had done such a task in Hell Gate before, but he didn't expect that Le Wenzhen would give him such a task again, which surprised Zhao Hai. If he hadn't known it, Le Wen really wouldn't have known about him. He was from Hell Gate, so he thought that Le Wen really gave him such a task on purpose to test him.

Zhao Hai frowned for a while, but the jade slip in his hand was already broken. He threw away the jade slip in his hand, then looked at Wu Yang and said: "Is there a teleportation array? Where is the teleportation array?" Zhao Hai said It is a portable teleportation array. Le Wenzhen has already told him that he will give Zhao Hai a portable teleportation array. This is what Zhao Hai is talking about now.

Wu Yang smiled slightly, and with a move of his hand, there was an array disk in his hand. This formation disk was the size of a lotus leaf and looked very complicated. Zhao Hai then took the formation disk and looked at it carefully. He glanced at it, then put it away, then bowed to Wu Yang and said: "Okay, then I will go back first, and after I complete this mission, we will talk." After saying that, he stood up and faced Wu Yang saluted, then turned and left.

Wu Yang didn't keep him and sent him outside the door. Then he returned to the room. Wu Yang sat in the room, thinking about what happened after meeting Zhao Hai. He had to admit that Zhao Hai was still very capable. Otherwise, it would not have been possible for him to become a celebrity in front of Le Wenzhen in such a short period of time.

He knows that Zhao Hai is stronger than him, and his reservation is completely different from Zhao Hai. He is one of the people sent by Le Wenzhen to make money, and he is also one of Le Wenzhen's eyes. In addition, , he has no choice but to do anything else, but Zhao Hai is different. Zhao Hai is a knife in Le Wenzhen's hand, so Zhao Hai becomes more important to Le Wenzhen.

He didn't know what mission Zhao Hai received this time, but he knew that the mission Zhao Hai received this time must not be simple. Otherwise, Le Wenzhen would not have given him the teleportation array. Wu Yang was in Qing He has been in Yangzong for a long time, and he is very clear about how cruel the fights between the disciples of Qingyangzong are. Regardless of the regulations of Qingyangzong, those disciples cannot fight each other, but he is very clear. In Qingyang Sect, the fighting between the disciples has never stopped, so he no longer believes in Qingyang Sect's rules.

Wu Yang didn't want to know what Le Wenzhen asked Zhao Hai to do this time, but he knew one thing, that is, Zhao Hai's status in Le Wenzhen's heart may be higher in the future, even far surpassing him. Wu Yang is very sure about this, because he has seen many such things.

Zhao Hai helped Le Wenzhen do so many shady things. If people knew that he did those things, he would be dead. Similarly, Zhao Hai also knew too many secrets about Le Wenzhen, so Le Wen I really don’t dare to touch him easily, otherwise, Zhao Hai may use those things to threaten him. It is precisely because of this that Le Wenzhen will trust Zhao Hai even more. If anything happens in the future, Zhao Hai will be threatened. If Hai does it, Zhao Hai's status in Le Wenzhen's heart will be higher, which is almost certain.