c7918 Night attack

Zhao Hai was stunned for once. He really didn't expect that King Pingping would actually say this. What King Pingping did was the same as what he did. But he didn't understand what King Pingping knew. After using this method to warn him, I just thought about it with him.

King Ping Ping looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Ying, don't underestimate the power of the sect. It's just Qingyang Sect. Even if Qingyang Sect really matches up with the sect, it really doesn't matter who wins in the end. It's easy to say, but what we can be sure of is that if Qingyang Sect only relies on the power of its own sect instead of the power of the big sects standing behind it, it will not be easy to deal with us, so There is still a little bit of power in the door.”

Zhao Hai responded, and then King Pingping said: "Okay, you go back, remember, your first priority is how to join the Qingyang Sect. If you need anything, we can definitely help you." ." Zhao Hai responded, then bowed to King Ping Ping and exited the hall.

After Zhao Hai returned to Linyuan Town, he couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. Too many things had happened these days, and he had been busy. Now he could finally take a rest. At the same time, he also felt that here in Wanshan Realm, There is indeed an undercurrent, and various relationships are complicated. If he is not careful, his identity may be known to people in Wanshan Realm.

He is not very afraid of people from the Wanshan Realm, but there are also people from the Shadow Clan. In addition to the Shadow Clan, there are also people from the Upper Realm. This is what Zhao Hai is most afraid of. He has doubts about his own strength. Confidence, but he doesn't think that he is really invincible now. If the powerful powers in the upper world really attack him, it's really hard to say whether he can stop him. It's precisely because of this , that's why he entered the Wanshan Realm so carefully, instead of directly leading the Blood Killing Sect's army into the Wanshan Realm.

Sitting in his room, thinking about the things here in Wanshan Realm, Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. No matter what, he had to move forward step by step. His next step was to develop and expand the Ancient Sword Gang. Let the Ancient Sword Gang become more powerful, and the Ancient Sword Gang become more powerful, then whether it is Hell Gate or Le Wenzhen, they will all look up to him, which will be more beneficial to his future development.

I chatted with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect for a while and asked them about the situation there. Now all the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect have become gang members, and almost all of them control a gang, so now Zhao Hai has the power in his hands. , definitely cannot be underestimated, and no one knows yet, it is even more hidden than the Gate of Hell.

After chatting with those disciples for a while, Zhao Hai stopped talking and turned his attention directly to Du Xuan, whom Fang Keming said. Du Xuan must be conquered, otherwise, Du Xuan will It will become a time bomb, and it will explode at any time. If the people at Hell Gate know that he controls Fang Keming, Hell Gate will definitely deal with him.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but fell silent for once. He did not take action immediately, but planned to observe Du Xuan for a few days before taking action. Just like that, another day passed, and Zhao Hai did not follow the Gujian Gang. Everyone went to work together, and no one in the Ancient Sword Gang objected, because Zhao Hai is now the gang leader, and the changes that the Ancient Sword Gang has now are all because of him, so even if he doesn't follow everyone, he won't Someone said something.

That night, after everyone had dinner, they all went to rest. Zhao Hai also returned to his yard. The children still lived in his house, so that they could be taken care of easily, and if anything really happened, Zhao Hai would Hai could also send those children to a safe place as soon as possible.

Just when Zhao Hai was lying down to rest, a sudden piercing alarm sounded. Zhao Hai suddenly sat up, then immediately jumped out of bed and ran straight to the yard. After arriving in the yard, he As soon as his figure moved, he immediately flew up, and then flew straight towards the main street.

When Zhao Hai arrived at the main street, he found that there were already people fighting on the main street. They were a group of casual cultivators, numbering about fifty. They were fighting with the people of the Ancient Sword Gang. The people of the Ancient Sword Gang Although there were few, they were well prepared and blocked the attacks of those people, and there were still people rushing over from time to time, so the attacks of those casual cultivators had been blocked by the Blood Killing Sect people.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw this situation, he felt relieved, but he still snorted. Then he moved and rushed directly to the main street and joined the battle group. As soon as a casual cultivator saw Zhao Hai Hai immediately waved the long sword in his hand and stabbed straight at Zhao Hai. The long sword in his hand was a flying sword, but he did not use the flying sword to deal with the people of the Ancient Sword Gang, but took the flying sword directly. In the hand, it is used as a long sword.

His sword came very fast, like lightning. It was in front of Zhao Hai in just one flash. The target was Zhao Hai's throat. Zhao Hai snorted coldly and did not dodge or avoid. He went straight towards Zhao Hai. The opponent's long sword collided with it, and there was a click, and the opponent's long sword broke. Just when the opponent was stunned, Zhao Hai punched the opponent's body, and beat the opponent directly. He flew out. When he flew out, he was already spitting blood, and it seemed that he would not survive.

Then Zhao Hai killed another person. With Zhao Hai joining, the battle of the Ancient Sword Gang became much easier. Those casual cultivators were almost not as strong as him. In just a short while, those casual cultivators were already defeated by Zhao Hai. A dozen of them were killed, and the remaining casual cultivators were already surrounded by the Gujian Gang, and it seemed that they could no longer escape.

Zhao Hai looked at those people, suddenly waved his hand and said: "Stop." After hearing Zhao Hai's words, the disciples of the Ancient Sword Gang all made a feint move, and then stepped back. Among the casual cultivators, Most of them also stopped, except for a few who did not stop and were still preparing to attack the disciples of the Ancient Sword Gang.

Zhao Hai glanced at those people and snorted coldly. Then he moved and arrived in front of those people. Then with a wave of his hand, he killed those guys directly. Looking at Zhao Hai in the blink of an eye, Those few people were killed in a short time. Among the casual cultivators who came to attack Zhao Hai and the others, no one dared to move. Everyone's face showed fear.

Zhao Hai looked at the casual cultivators and said in a deep voice: "Who are you?" Zhao Hai had almost guessed it. These casual cultivators may have attacked them before and then retreated, but recently I heard that they were taking revenge. They wanted to take revenge on the Ancient Sword Gang, but Zhao Hai still asked. This was a technique. Asking like this would put himself on the active side of the conversation.

One of the casual cultivators looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "We are the Green Snake Gang from Fu Feng Town. We have attacked your Ancient Sword Gang before, but we only attacked twice and did not give you the Ancient Sword." The Gang caused some harm, and then we retreated, but we didn’t expect that the people from the Ancient Sword Gang would directly take revenge on us. Although the revenge has not yet reached our Green Snake Gang, it is about to arrive. I heard that all the attacks Your gang has all been avenged by you, and now we, the Green Snake Gang, are the only ones left. Our attack on you this time is just a desperate attempt to survive. Now that we have failed, there is nothing to say. We must kill you. If you want to chop it up, it’s up to you.”

Zhao Hai looked at that person, then at the other casual cultivators, and snorted coldly: "That's nice to say, if you weren't greedy for our Ancient Sword Gang's things, would you be here today? Now all of you are Your face has turned pale with fear. Why are you pretending to be a hard person here? I will give you one last chance. Put down your weapons and surrender. I can give you a chance to live. Otherwise, you will die."

When those people heard what Zhao Hai said, they all hesitated. The person who spoke before looked at Zhao Hai and said, "What do you want?" He felt that Zhao Hai didn't want to kill them, but he didn't know that Zhao Hai wanted to kill them. He knew exactly what he was going to do. Sometimes, being killed directly was actually a good thing, as he could avoid torture.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, and then said: "I will not take your life, but give you a chance. Our Ancient Sword Gang is expanding now and needs manpower. If you agree to join the Ancient Sword Gang, then I will spare you a life." But if you don’t agree, you can die now.”

The leading casual cultivator hesitated a little when he heard what Zhao Hai said. Zhao Hai was very curious as to why he was hesitant. After a while, the leader looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Joining the Ancient Sword Gang is also a good idea. It's not impossible, but we all still have family members. If those of us join the Gujian Gang, what will happen to our families? Now our family members all rely on us to earn a living outside. What if we join? If the Gujian Gang is killed, they won’t even be able to eat.”

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Bring all your family members to the Ancient Sword Gang. If you join the Ancient Sword Gang, then your family will naturally be members of the Ancient Sword Gang. How about that?" Zhao Hai did not say anything about the Ancient Sword Gang. There are so many good people in the Jian Gang. Now he is forcing these people to surrender and let their families join the Gu Jian Gang. It is already very good. Of course, he will not tell them other things about the Gu Jian Gang. Wanted to see if these people would join.

The leading casual cultivator pondered for a moment, then he glanced at the others and found that everyone else was watching. It seemed that no one dared to take action easily. He couldn't help but secretly sighed, and then directly took out the weapon in his hand. The weapons were thrown out. When the others saw what he was doing, they stole all their weapons and surrendered.

Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled slightly, then waved his hand, and rays of light penetrated into their bodies. He then said: "I have sealed your cultivation now. As long as you don't mess around, I won't kill you. As for your family, you don't have to worry. Although our Gujian Gang is retaliating against you, we will not touch your family. Di Ting will suppress them." Di Ting agreed. With a sound, the leaders suppressed the casual cultivators.

Zhao Hai then turned to Feihua and said: "Feihua, it's been a long journey. I think Xiaojiu and the others should be rushing to Fufeng Town now. You should go to Fufeng Town right away and tell Xiaojiu to let them go." All the family members of the Green Snake Gang will come here." Feihua responded, then moved and flew straight out of the town.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.