c7913 return

Soon Zhao Hai entered the residence of Qingyang Sect disciples in Fang City. The people living here were all people with high status in Qingyang Sect. Only they were qualified to enter this residence to rest, while others Some Qingyang Sect disciples who did not have enough status could only rest in the hotel in Fangshi.

Zhao Hai already knew where this Qingyang Sect disciple lived, so he went directly back to the place where those disciples lived, and then started to rest as soon as he closed the door. He had to wait until the sky was completely dark. It was dark before he could take action, so Zhao Hai just waited quietly in the room.

The sky has completely darkened, and other places in Fang City are very lively. Only the Qingyang Sect's residence seems very quiet. There are casual cultivators in other places, but there are no casual cultivators here. Their They are also of high status, and they will not behave like those casual cultivators.

After waiting until Xu Shi, Zhao Hai stood up. Then he paid attention to his surroundings and found no enemies. Then he moved and jumped out of the room, hiding in the shadows. Then he followed The shadow slowly sneaked forward, slowly touching towards Wu Zhi's room.

Wu Ju said that he rested at Xu hour every day, but he would not rest before the sixth hour of Xu hour. He usually ended his training when Xu hour and Hai hour intersected, and then rested, and Zhao Hai had already He discovered this, so he was planning to deal with Wu Ju while he was still practicing.

When he arrived outside Wu Ju's yard, he threw out another handful of Lingxu grass. Of course, these were some Lingxu grass with added ingredients. After he confirmed that Wu Ju had hit the Lingxu grass, Zhao Hai Then he sneaked into Wu Zhi's room and directly entered Wu Zhi's secret room.

Wu Ju was still sitting there cross-legged, but he seemed to be asleep. He didn't react at all to Zhao Hai's entry. Even the magic circles he arranged outside the secret didn't react at all. Zhao Hai He entered the secret room directly, glanced at Wu Zhi, and then cut off Wu Zhi's head with a wave of his hand.

After Zhao Hai was sure that Wu Zhi was dead, he waved his hand and took away Wu Zhi's space equipment. Then he took a look in Wu Zhi's room and found nothing useful. Then he slowly sneaked back into the room. After arriving in the room, he did not leave immediately, but stayed in the room until the next morning.

It was not until the morning of the next day that Zhao Hai got up early, left the room, and walked outside the town until he reached the tree where he sealed the disciple yesterday. Then he got the disciple out of the woods. , then killed those disciples directly, and then used earth magic to bury that disciple. Then he took the disciple's space preparation and walked into the woods. After arriving in the woods, he took out After entering the magic circle, he teleported away directly.

By the time the people of Qingyang Sect discovered that Wu Ju was dead, it was already afternoon. Because Wu Ju had to deal with things here in Fangshi every day, but he never showed up today. This made the people in Fangshi suspicious, so they He came to look for Wu Zheng, but found that Wu Zheng had been killed.

Originally, like the disciples of the Qingyang Sect, their identity cards would be broken when they were killed, but when Wu Zhi died, his identity cards were not broken, and neither did the people of the Qingyang Sect. The discovery shocked everyone in the Qingyang Sect, and they immediately investigated the matter. However, they soon discovered that another disciple of the Qingyang Sect also disappeared. He disappeared, but not He died, because the disciple's identity card was found, but the person was not found, but this made the people of Qingyang Sect not sure what to do. There are examples of Wu Ju out there, and no one knows that Qingyang Sect. Did Yang Zong's disciples die, or did they escape after killing Wu Ju.

However, Zhao Hai, who had entered Linyuan Town, had already returned to Linyuan Town. After arriving at Linyuan Town, he immediately went to see Wu Yang. As soon as he saw Wu Yang, the two of them immediately went to the living room at the back. In the living room, Wu Yang said to Zhao Hai: "How is it? Mission accomplished?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "It's done. Wu Ju is dead, and no one will doubt me. I can send a letter to the Lord. The people of Qingyang Sect should not have discovered that Wu Ju is dead yet." It was still morning when Zhao Hai came back, and no one in Fangshi had found out that Wu Ju was dead.

Wu Yang glanced at Zhao Hai, then a smile appeared on his face, and then he said: "Okay, you did a great job, brother, your achievements in the future are limitless, remember, if you really succeed in the future, As you become more developed, don’t forget about me. Although I don’t have a high status in Qingyang Sect, I still have a certain amount of power in Qingyang Sect. If you need anything in the future, you can tell me, as long as I can handle it. When you arrive, I will definitely help you.

Zhao Hai knew very well that Wu Yang was showing kindness to him. This was very straightforward. If he didn't understand, then he would be a fool. However, he was very happy with Wu Yang's kindness. He knew that Wu Yang's status in Qingyang Sect was not high, but he never dared to underestimate Wu Yang. Wu Yang was just a servant in Qingyang Sect, but Zhao Hai would not think of him as a servant. It was useless. In fact, in his opinion, these servants might know more things, but they had always been ignored by the people of Qingyang Sect.

In fact, this is normal. For example, some powerful people will not pay attention to some small people, but they don't know that it is often these small people who can do some big things that change the world. So for Wu Yang's performance was not good, but Zhao Hai was actually very happy.

So Zhao Hai immediately laughed and said: "Hahahaha, what did Senior Brother Wu Yang say? You are an old man in the sect. If anything happens in the future, Senior Brother, you should take care of me." Zhao Hai He said this just to let Wu Yang know that he valued Wu Yang very much.

Sure enough, when Wu Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he also looked happy. Then he clasped his fists at Zhao Hai and said, "Junior brother, you're too polite. That's all. I won't say any more of these polite words. We brothers will be closer to each other in the future." Okay, Junior Brother has completed the mission so well this time. I think adults will always value Junior Brother more. I will report it right away. Junior Brother, please go back and rest earlier. By the way, no one has attacked the Ancient Sword Gang these days. Junior brother, don’t worry.”

Zhao Hai nodded, saluted Wu Yang and said, "In that case, I'll trouble Brother Wu." After saying that, he saluted Wu Yang again, then turned around and left. Wu Yang sent Zhao Hai outside. Then he returned to his room and immediately reported the news to Le Wenzhen.

Le Wenzhen had not heard the news about Wu Ju's murder at this time, so when he received the news from Wu Yang, his first reaction was not to believe it, but he knew that Zhao Hai would not dare to lie to him, which made him think again. He was a little surprised, so he decided to remain calm. He believed that if Wu Zhi was really dead, news would come to the sect soon.

Sure enough, in the afternoon, news came from the sect that Wu Ju was dead and another sect disciple was missing. Wu Ju was probably killed by that disciple, because Wu Ju was in his own house at the time. Practicing in a quiet room, ordinary people cannot enter there, but that disciple has a very good relationship with Wu Zhi. He can freely enter Wu Zhi's secrets. If he suddenly takes action against Wu Zhi, then Wu Zhi will There may not necessarily be a response time.

Moreover, it can be seen from the killing of Wu Ju that Wu Ju really did not resist at all and was killed directly. Such a result is really surprising, not only for the people of Qingyang Sect. Surprised, Le Wenzhen was also very surprised. He really didn't know how Zhao Hai did it.

At this time, Zhao Hai had returned to the Gujian Gang. When Feihua and Di Ting saw Zhao Hai back, they all let out a sigh of relief. To be honest, Zhao Hai was not here, and they were really very sad. Bottomless. Zhao Hai looked at the two of them and said with a smile: "You two guys, I have only been out for a few days, so I can see how nervous you are. If our gang really expands in the future, then you are all on your own, so why can't you You make your own decisions."

Feihua and Di Ting looked at each other, and then Feihua smiled bitterly and said: "Brother, we'd better follow you all the time. Let us make our own decisions. We really don't have that chance. Brother, please don't embarrass us." Feihua and Diting were ordinary casual cultivators before, and they had never made their own decisions, so now they felt very uncomfortable when they heard what Zhao Hai said.

Zhao Hai looked at the two of them and smiled slightly and said: "That's all, I won't embarrass you anymore, let's talk about the current situation in the gang. How is the firewood stored? And those Huang Jing, have they been collected? What I said Has the underground kiln been built?" These were the things he told Feihua and Diting to do before leaving. He believed that Feihua and Diting would never dare not listen.

Feihua hurriedly said: "Brother, there is already a lot of firewood stored. I think it is almost enough for us to use for the whole winter. The underground kiln has not been completely built yet, so Huang Jing has not been collected yet. We are going to wait until the underground kiln is completely built. After that, after collecting Huang Jing, what do you think, brother?"

Zhao Hai thought for a while, nodded and said: "Okay, don't be in a hurry, take your time, okay, go and get busy." The two of them responded, turned around and left. After the two left, Zhao Hai thought After thinking about it, he suddenly patted his head, and then said in a deep voice: "I almost forgot about this matter. This matter must be reported to see what kind of reaction Le Wen really has." After saying this, Zhao Hai's figure As soon as he moved, he left the yard and came to Wu Yang's yard.

When Wu Yang saw Zhao Hai coming back, he was stunned, and then he immediately said to Zhao Hai: "Junior Brother Zhao, what's the matter with you?" Wu Yang knew that Zhao Hai would not come back for no reason. He came back, so there must be something going on when he comes back, and it's not a trivial matter, so he seemed a little nervous when he asked this question.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "It's something, something big. This is a jade slip I wrote. Please give it to me. It's about this mission. It's very important." Zhao Hai also knew that Wu Yang In fact, he was not very clear about what task he wanted to complete, so he was not prepared to tell Wu Yang. Instead, he directly wrote a jade slip and asked Wu Yang to hand it to Le Wenzhen.