c7915 win over

Le Wenzhen looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Can you disguise yourself?" Le Wenzhen was really curious about Zhao Hai. He wanted to know what other abilities Zhao Hai had that he didn't know about. It's hard to say it's easy, it's easy to say it. There are many people who can disguise themselves, but this kind of disguise is easy to learn but hard to master. Many people can disguise themselves, but those who can really learn it are not. There are only a few, and if you don't learn the art of disguise, it won't be of much use. A simple disguise is as good as sticking a fake beard on it. In fact, it's not really a disguise, but he is indeed. Belongs to the category of disguise.

Zhao Hai immediately said: "Yes, sir, I know some disguise techniques and some poisoning techniques. Otherwise, I would not be able to kill Wu Ju. This action is still very risky." Zhao Hai Hai knew that he had to come up with some reasons to convince Le Wen, otherwise, Le Wen would not believe his words.

When Le Wenzhen heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then said in a deep voice: "Poison? What's the use of poisoning? We, the disciples of Qingyang Sect, all have defensive arrays, can you poison it? What can't be used?" Le Wenzhen is a relatively traditional monk. In his eyes, poisoning and other things are considered low-class.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "To tell you what my lord, the poison I gave is quite special. If the other party is practicing, then he will definitely be poisoned. Even if he is not practicing, as long as he discovers the poison used by his subordinates, There won't be any doubts about things, and it is precisely because of this that my subordinates can kill Wu Ju."

When Le Wenzhen heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but said in a deep voice: "Oh? So the thing you used to poison is quite special. What exactly did you use to poison it?" Le Wenzhen was really very serious. Curious, he really wanted to know what it was that Zhao Hai used to poison him, which actually made Zhao Hai so confident.

Zhao Hai moved his hand and grabbed a handful of Lingshu grass, then held it in his hand and said: "Sir, this subordinate used this thing to poison me." Lingshu grass is a rare thing here in Wanshan Realm. It is a very common thing, and it is also something that is very popular among monks, so Zhao Hai took out the Lingshu Grass.

Le Wenzhen was stunned when he saw the Lingshu grass in Zhao Hai's hand. Then he said with some confusion: "Lingshu grass? You use Lingshu grass to poison? Can Lingshu grass be used to poison?" Of course Wen Zhen knows Lingxucao. Things like Lingxucao are really common in Wanshan Realm. For ordinary casual cultivators, Lingxucao can only be used for training and can be absorbed directly into the body. , but for some sect disciples, Lingshu grass has other uses. It is precisely because of this that Lingshu grass has been planted in large areas in various sects.

Lingshu grass has many uses, but for those disciples of large sects, Lingshu grass has only one biggest use, and that is to make talisman paper. Talisman paper is something commonly used by disciples of various sects, and talisman paper is also divided into levels. The most common talisman is drawn on talisman paper, and these talismans are actually the most commonly used talismans. It is the most consumed talisman. It is precisely because of this that the demand for runes in various sects is huge.

The Qingyang Sect is a sect that specializes in the study of runes. They have a greater demand for runes, so Lingxu grass is planted in a large area in the Qingyang Sect, and there are dedicated people responsible for this matter, so Le Wen Zhen recognized at a glance that the grass in Zhao Hai's hand was Lingxucao.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Yes, my subordinates also discovered it accidentally. As long as these Lingshu grass are carefully refined, they will become a very useful poison. Their effect is very powerful. After they touch someone's body, they will directly turn into aura and be absorbed into the body, and the poison will also go in directly. In this way, others will be poisoned, even if the poisoning time is very short. , but it’s enough.”

Le Wenzhen nodded, then took the Lingshu grass in Zhao Hai's hand and looked at it carefully. He didn't find anything special, so he returned the Lingshu grass to Zhao Hai, and then said: "So you Just use the poison refined from Lingxu Grass to kill Wu Ju?" Le Wenzhen now somewhat believes Zhao Hai's words.

Le Wenzhen gave Zhao Hai this task this time because he actually wanted to see how capable Zhao Hai was. Now he finally knew that Zhao Hai's ability was indeed very strong. He originally thought that Zhao Hai wanted to complete the task this time. It would be very difficult, so he didn't give Zhao Hai a time limit to complete the task, but he didn't expect that Zhao Hai completed the task within a few days after taking it. This really made him very happy. surprised.

At the same time, this also attracted Le Wenzhen's attention. He really wanted to know how Zhao Hai completed the task. You must know that Wu Zhi is not an easy person to deal with. Wu Zhi is stronger than Zhao Hai. Yes, in this case, Zhao Hai could kill Wu Ju so quickly, which made him curious and also aroused his vigilance.

Now that he heard that Zhao Hai was poisoned by Lingxu Grass, he felt relieved. As long as Zhao Hai was not helped by others to complete the task, as long as he was not sent by others, then it would be easy to handle. Now it really makes sense What Le Wenzhen felt was a headache was actually the situation that Zhao Hai had reacted to, that is, the Qingyang Sect disciples who were monitoring Fangshi.

When he thought of this, Le Wenzhen immediately said to Zhao Hai: "Zhao Hai, please tell me carefully, what did you see in Fangshi? Why do you say that there are many Qingyang Sect disciples in Fangshi? Conduct surveillance, how did you see it, tell it carefully, don’t miss anything.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then told everything he saw and heard in Fangshi. Of course, he did not say that he did not enter Fangshi, but that he entered Fangshi, but only stayed there. He left after one day, and then continued to monitor Fangshi, and only then discovered the secret of Fangshi.

Le Wenzhen listened very carefully until Zhao Hai finished speaking, then he nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Yes, the situation you responded to is very important, and it is also very useful to me. I will go there." I should thank you properly. By the way, Zhao Hai, how is your Ancient Sword Gang developing now? You are now the leader of the Ancient Sword Gang, right?"

Zhao Hai responded, and then told Le Wenzhen about the situation of the Gujian Gang, and then said: "It's almost winter now. We will prepare for expansion after spring next year. Here in Linyuan Town It’s still a little too small, and I’m going to make the Ancient Sword Gang bigger and bigger.”

Le Wenzhen looked at Zhao Hai, laughed suddenly, and then said: "Okay, good job, I won't treat you badly, Zhao Hai, this is for you, you can take it." After saying this, Le Wenzhen Throwing a space bag to Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai took it and thanked Le Wenzhen, but Le Wenzhen laughed loudly, and then disappeared with a flash of white light on his body.

After Le Wenzhen disappeared, Zhao Hai immediately took a look at the space bag. As a result, he found that there were a few jade slips and some elixirs in the space bag, but there was nothing else. Zhao Hai took He passed a piece of jade slip and took a look at it, and found that it was a jade slip of a martial art, but it was not a high-level skill. He then looked at several other jade slips. Among those jade slips, only one was not a martial art. Fa Jade Slip, but the jade slip that is not a Kung Fu Jade Slip is what Zhao Hai values ​​the most, because that jade slip is actually a map.

That is a map of the black market. The reason why it is called the black market is because no one who enters there knows the identity of the people there. There, no matter which sect's things are there, there are people selling them, whether they are merits or not. There are people who sell magic weapons and magic weapons, so it is called a black market. Everything in the black market comes from improper sources.

Of course, the things there are relatively cheap. The price of things there is often only about one-third or even one-quarter of the outside price. Therefore, there are many people who go to the black market to trade. So far, there are no Everyone knows who runs the black market. In short, no one dares to cause trouble there, because everyone who dares to cause trouble in the black market is dead. There are big experts in charge of the black market.

This thing is very useful for Zhao Hai. If Zhao Hai wants to deal with these things now, there is only one place, and that is Hell Gate. Hell Gate is the best place to deal with these things. Although Zhao Hai has never done this before, he I believe that Hell Gate can handle these things, and now there is another option.

However, Zhao Hai just put away the jade slip and did not think about going to the black market. He was still going to go to the Hell Gate first. If the Hell Gate didn't help him deal with the magic weapons, he would take them. It's not too late to go to the black market. He did this not to mean that he believed in Hell Gate, but to prevent the people from Hell Gate from having any thoughts about him. Now he didn't want to offend Hell Gate or let the people from Hell Gate. People deal with him, so that’s all he can do.

At this moment, there was a knock on the door. Zhao Hai opened the door and saw that it was Wu Yang. Wu Yang glanced at the room and found that Le Wenzhen had left. Wu Yang immediately said to Zhao Hai: "My lord. Gone?" Even if Le Wenzhen was not here, he did not dare to show any disrespect to Le Wenzhen and still called him Lord Le Wenzhen.

Zhao Hai nodded, then he glanced at Wu Yang, his eyes suddenly flashed, and then he said to Wu Yang: "Brother Wu, today you gave me a few jade slips, which are all filled with martial arts. Brother Wu, see if there is anything suitable for you." Zhao Hai knew that Wu Yang was just a servant disciple, and the exercises they learned were all the most common ones. If he could be given a more advanced one, then Wu Yang will definitely have a better impression of him.

When Wu Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then his face couldn't help showing a look of ecstasy. Although he was just a servant disciple of Qingyang Sect, he was also a monk, and he also had a dream of immortality. But all this time, without good skills, he could only be a servant. In the end, he became discouraged, so he came here to be a shopkeeper. Now Zhao Hai wants to give him a copy of the skills, a better one. Kung Fu, how could he be unhappy, but he did not immediately take the jade slip that Zhao Hai handed him, but looked at Zhao Hai and said: "What do you want me to do?"

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.