c7917 Accident

Zhao Hai knows clearly that if you want to win a person's heart, you not only have to give him what he needs most, but you also have to make him feel that you value him. You have to let him know that you are very important to him. Only in this way will he be more loyal to you. On the contrary, it may cause him to be dissatisfied.

When a person takes the initiative to seek refuge with you, that means he thinks he is talented. It is precisely because of this mentality that he wants to seek refuge with you, because he is not willing to be ordinary and wants to be under your hand. Playing to your own strength and utilizing your strengths is the most important thing.

If you don't use him all the time and don't value him, he will think that you look down on him. Then instead of treating you as a benefactor, he will treat you as an enemy, so you must show how much you value him. As the leader of the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai has more than 100 billion people under his command. He has never seen any kind of people. He naturally knows everything about how to deal with the relationship with his subordinates, so he does this.

Doesn't he know what to do? Of course he knew, but he still came to ask Fang Keming for his opinion. First, to express his importance to Fang Keming, and secondly, to demonstrate Fang Keming's ability. He wanted to see what Fang Keming had to say, if Fang Keming objected If he said that, he would have to re-estimate Fang Keming's ability.

So when Zhao Hai heard what Fang Keming said, he nodded repeatedly and said in a deep voice: "Yes, that's what it means. I'm just worried that the people behind the door will know that I secretly go to the black market and be dissatisfied with me. What do you think? "Zhao Hai has his own plan, but he can't tell Fang Keming. Now it depends on Fang Keming's reaction.

Fang Keming said in a deep voice: "Your Majesty is right, this matter must be reported to the door. Regardless of whether the door will help you deal with those magic weapons, this matter must be reported to the door, because if you don't If you report it to the sect, if the sect knows this, they will definitely be dissatisfied with you, and it will be bad when the time comes."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Okay, then the matter is settled. As for the people at Yunlai Inn, I think it is best for me to control them in a way. What do you think?" Zhao Haizhi? So he said this because he found that the energy fluctuations in Fang Keming's body had changed. Now Fang Keming is practicing the same exercises he gave Fang Keming. In other words, Fang Keming has really become a His people.

He knows that Fang Keming's technique is actually very simple. It is a set of techniques used to control people. That technique can also be practiced to a very high degree, but it has its own... The mark, the entire skill revolves around that mark, and that mark is Zhao Hai's mark. In other words, as long as Fang Keming practices that set of skills, he will automatically recognize Zhao Hai as his master. , and part of the spiritual energy he cultivated will be directly transferred into Zhao Hai's body.

This set of exercises is adapted from a method of the Demon Sect. In the Demon Sect, this set of exercises is called Dao Heart Planting Demon, but Zhao Hai has made some improvements. His set of exercises is actually made of To scare people, the aura produced by the martial arts will not be transferred to Zhao Hai's body, but will be stored in the mark. Once Zhao Hai finds out that he is absolutely reliable, the mark will slowly disappear. , and those spiritual energy will be directly integrated into his body, which will greatly increase his strength. But if he really betrays Zhao Hai, as long as Zhao Hai has a thought, the mark will explode directly. The spiritual energy in the mark will directly impact his body and make him go crazy in an instant. Therefore, his set of skills is only used to control people, not to let others practice for him.

After all, the spiritual energy cultivated by others is other people's spiritual energy. When it enters Zhao Hai's body, it will be rejected by Zhao Hai's spiritual energy. Therefore, Zhao Hai will not do such a thing. What Zhao Hai wants is to treat these people. Control, of course, if Fang Keming really joins the Blood Killing Sect in the future, then Zhao Hai will not use this method to control him.

Although Fang Keming had never heard of such a skill, when he was practicing this set of skills, he found that part of the aura he had practiced had indeed disappeared into the mark, so he believed Zhao Hai's words, at the same time, he discovered that this set of exercises is indeed very good. The training speed of this set of exercises is much faster than the exercises he originally practiced, about ten times faster. Such a training speed, It was something he never dared to think about before.

As soon as Fang Keming heard what Zhao Hai said, he knew what Zhao Hai meant. It seemed that he wanted to use that set of skills to control the people in Yunlai Inn. When he thought of this, he immediately nodded and said: "Sir If we really want to control them, it is naturally the best. And if our strength becomes stronger, we may get a higher status in the future and be able to enter the gate of hell directly, which will be more helpful to adults. Big, and Du Xuan, the shopkeeper of Yunlai Inn, and I are also old people among the peripheral members of Hell Gate. Hell Gate will not doubt us. We are just because we are not strong enough, so we will always be shopkeepers. If we If you are strong enough, you can definitely join Hell Gate, so that we can help adults more.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Do you know that Du Xuan? What kind of person is he?" Zhao Hai trusts Fang Keming very much. He believes that Fang Keming will never betray him now. Yes, that's why he asked Fang Keming these things, and he was also very curious about Du Xuan from Yunlai Inn.

Fang Keming said in a deep voice: "Du Xuan and I are very familiar with each other. Sir, to be honest, although Ke Lai Xuan and Yun Lai Inn are enemies, these people below us may not necessarily be enemies as well, but we have a strong relationship with those above. They are also very loyal. If there is any problem with the other party, we will definitely report it."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Then tell me what kind of person this Du Xuan is and what he is like. I must know this so that I can deal with it accordingly." Zhao Hai must take Lin Yuan The town became his world, and then he developed the Gujian Gang little by little. He had even made preparations. Just this winter, he would make the shopkeepers of several other stores in the four major stores also become For his people, this place must become his base.

Fang Keming thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Du Xuan is very smart and his talents are still above mine, but in recent years, he has become a little discouraged. He is a very motivated person. He used to He wants to make his strength stronger, but after so many years, his strength has been improving very slowly, and now there is almost no hope of improvement. That's why he seems frustrated in these years. If you really If it can improve his strength, then he will definitely be loyal to you, sir, and with his intelligence, it will be more beneficial to your actions."

Zhao Hai really didn't expect that Fang Keming's price for Du Xuan would be so high, so he nodded and said: "Okay, this is best, okay, leave this matter to me, I have to I need to go to the door first, and then deal with Du Xuan's matter." After saying this, Zhao Hai turned around and left.

After returning to the room, Zhao Hai changed into the clothes of Hell Gate, and then used his identity card to go directly to the cave of Hell Gate. As soon as he entered the cave, a ghost soldier came up to him and saluted Zhao Hai: " I have met you, sir." Zhao Hai nodded at him and said, "Go to the Infinite Hell." The ghost soldier responded and led Zhao Hai directly to the Infinite Hell.

When Zhao Hai arrived at the Infinite Hell, he immediately said loudly: "Ghost Shadow, please see His Highness King Ping Ping." Before entering the main hall, he must report. In the past, ghost soldiers were required to report to him, but now there is no need. Zhao Hai can just report it himself, after all, he is already a formal member of Hell Gate.

The voice of King Ping Ping came: "Come in." Zhao Hai responded, then entered the main hall, walked to the middle of the hall, then saluted King Ping Ping and said: "Ying, pay homage to His Highness!" He did it It's a big gift. No matter what, King Ping Ping is his king, so he must give a big gift.

King Pingping nodded, and then said: "Ying, what's the matter with you coming to my place?" King Pingping has already told Zhao Hai that he has no other tasks now, only two long-term tasks, One is to collect the kind of magic weapon that can save people, and the other is how to be reused in Qingyang Sect, so Zhao Hai is definitely not here to take over the task, and these two long-term tasks are not easy to complete, so he also He was not here to hand in a task. King Ping was very curious as to what he was here to do, so he asked.

Zhao Hai immediately said in a deep voice: "Yes, Your Highness, I have something urgent to report. It is about the Qingyang Sect." Then he told him what Le Wenzhen had asked him to do, and also said Qingyang Sect's strange things about Chufang City, and finally talked about the reward given to him by Le Wenzhen.

When King Pingping heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but frowned slightly and said: "Qingyang Sect would do such a thing. It seems very unusual. Anyway, I will let people investigate this matter. Once checked, you don’t have to worry about it. As for the black market thing you mentioned, you don’t have anything to worry about. In fact, you don’t know that the black market is where our hell gate is opened. You can go directly to the black market to deal with things. , or leave things to the door for processing, it’s actually the same thing.”

When Zhao Hai heard what King Pingping said, he couldn't help but be stunned. He really didn't expect that the black market was actually opened by the Gate of Hell. This was really beyond his expectation. But then Zhao Hai felt lucky again. Fortunately, he reported the matter. If he secretly went to the black market, he would probably be found out by the Hell Gate. At that time, he would really be finished. The gates of hell will never let him go.

King Pingping looked at Zhao Hai, nodded with satisfaction and said: "Ying, you have done a good job. Doing some shady things for those sect disciples is good for you. The more you do these things, , the more they will believe you, but you must also be careful to prevent them from trying to kill the dog. Well, I can give you a privilege. If Le Wen really dares to deal with you in the future, you can directly follow him. Le Wenzhen said that if he dares to deal with you, someone will hand over the evidence that he asked you to kill someone into the hands of Qingyang Sect, so that he will not dare to mess around. "

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.