c7914 Come in person

Wu Yang took Zhao Hai's jade slip, and then looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion and said: "Junior brother, is this matter important?" Wu Yang was really curious about what Zhao Hai had accomplished this time. This kind of mission involves a portable teleportation array and a jade slip. Now Zhao Hai actually sent him another jade slip, which made him even more curious.

When Zhao Hai heard what Wu Yang said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "Senior brother, you'd better not ask this, otherwise, you will also fall into this matter. It's not that I don't trust you, senior brother. But if you know about this matter, it will not be of any benefit to you, so I ask for your forgiveness, senior brother." Of course, Zhao Hai will not tell Wu Yang about this mission. If he tells Wu Yang, who knows what Wu Yang will do. It will not be someone else's, and the more you know about a thing, the easier it will be spread, which will not do any good to Zhao Hai, Wu Yang, or Le Wenzhen.

When Wu Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, his eyes couldn't help but shrink slightly. Of course he understood what Zhao Hai meant, so he didn't say anything, but nodded to Zhao Hai and said: "Okay, then I won't I asked, junior brother, please take care of yourself." After saying that, he took the jade slip and turned and left.

Zhao Hai clasped his fists at Wu Yang and turned away. Then Zhao Hai went to Ke Lai Xuan. When he arrived at Ke Lai Xuan, he found Fang Keming from Ke Lai Xuan. Fang Keming welcomed Zhao Hai to the living room very politely. After sitting down in the living room, Fang Keming looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion and said: "Sir, what are your orders?"

Zhao Hai shook his head, and then said in a deep voice: "You should report the task I completed this time to the door. This time I helped Le Wenzhen to kill a disciple of Qingyang Sect, and that disciple was from Fangshi. Supervisor, my name is Wu Ju, please report this matter." When Fang Keming heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then he immediately responded.

Zhao Hai glanced at him, and then said in a deep voice: "There is one more thing that I want you to analyze for me. This time when I helped Le Wenzhen kill that Wu Zhi, did I see anything there? The disciples of the Shaoqing Yang Sect seem to be monitoring that city. What do you think the disciples of the Qingyang Sect are like? Are they from the Qingyang Sect monitoring the city, or are they from the Lewen Zhen sect? ?”

When Fang Keming heard what Zhao Hai said, he pondered for a while, and then said: "Sir, this matter is really hard to say. Le Wenzhen is a newly rising person in Qingyang Sect. , there shouldn’t be many people available to him, so he shouldn’t have any undue thoughts towards you, sir. After all, you are the only person available to Le Wenzhen now, so I think those people are not Le Wenzhen. Wenzhen people."

Having said this, Fang Keming paused for a moment, and then said: "Those people are not Le Wenzhen's people, then they can only be the subordinates of Le Wenzhen's enemies, and this is the most troublesome point. They are Le Wenzhen's enemies." The men of Wenzhen’s enemies or people sent by the Qingyang Sect will be very troublesome, brother, you weren’t exposed this time, right?”

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "Don't worry about this. No one will ever think that I did it. If it is really arranged by Le Wen's enemies, then this matter will indeed be very troublesome. I have already reported this matter, just to test Le Wenzhen's reaction. If this matter is really not caused by someone sent by Le Wenzhen, then Le Wenzhen will definitely be more nervous than us, and As a member of Qingyang Sect, he will definitely find out more things that we don’t know.”

Fang Keming nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "If you have been doing this kind of thing for Le Wenzhen, you should be more careful, because doing such things can make Le Wenzhen remember you. , I respect you, but at the same time, you will also know a lot of things that Le Wen really doesn’t want others to know. If Le Wen really wants to give up on you in the future, he will definitely attack you as soon as possible. "

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he said in a deep voice: "So when Wu Yang showed his closeness to me today, I directly accepted his kindness. With such a person in my hand, I can slowly take care of him in the future. Slowly, a force has developed in Qingyang Sect, and by then even if Le Wen really wants to deal with me, he will take action against me."

Fang Keming's eyes lit up, and he immediately nodded and said: "Your Majesty, what you did is right, gather a group of people in the Qingyang Sect, and then build up your own power. As long as we are really in the Qingyang Sect, With his own power, Le Wenzhen will not dare to touch us easily, so he can only reuse us. In this way, your status in Qingyang Sect will be higher and higher, and as you are in Qingyang Sect, As your status is getting higher and higher, your status in Hell Gate will also be getting higher and higher. The only problem now is strength. Among any force, strength is the most important. If your strength is not enough, sir, you will It affects your next move, sir, so you should focus on improving your strength now."

Zhao Hai nodded, then he glanced at Fang Keming, then smiled slightly, and when he moved his hand, there was an extra jade slip in his hand. He took the jade slip and said to Fang Keming: "Fang Keming , the exercises in this jade slip should be very suitable for you, but practicing the exercises in this jade slip will have a big side effect, you can see for yourself whether you want to practice it, it is your decision. It’s in your hand.” After saying that, he gave the jade slip directly to Fang Keming.

Fang Keming took the jade slip with some confusion, and mentally explored the jade slip. When his mental power entered the jade slip and saw the contents of the jade slip clearly, his face couldn't help but change, and then he Turning to look at Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai looked at Fang Keming and said: "This set of exercises is guaranteed to be useful, it just depends on whether you are willing to practice it."

Fang Keming looked at the jade slip carefully, then at Zhao Hai, then smiled bitterly and said, "Sir, if I don't practice the content on this jade slip, will you kill me?" Fang Keming looked at Zhao Hai steadily, as if waiting for Zhao Hai's answer, because the content in this jade slip really surprised him.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "No, even if I don't practice the contents of the jade slip, I will not kill you, but I will not regard you as my confidant anymore. Everything we said before is If it’s a waste, you can report everything I told you today exactly, and I won’t do anything to you.”

When Fang Keming heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but smile bitterly, and then he said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, sir. I won't let this opportunity go. I will definitely practice the content in the jade slip. Please don't worry, sir." ." Fang Keming has made up his mind and will never give up this opportunity.

Zhao Hai nodded, then stood up, and said in a deep voice: "Then I'll see how you perform." After saying that, he stood up, turned around and left. After he returned to the Gu Jian Gang's own yard, he He immediately took a look at his harvest this time. His harvest this time was huge. All the things in the space equipment of the two disciples of Qingyang Sect, there were a lot of good things. But unfortunately, some Things cannot be used because they have the mark of Qingyang Sect on them, and some special things cannot be used because they have too strange shapes.

But apart from these things, there are still a lot of good things, including exercises, spiritual stones, and elixirs. These things are all good things. Zhao Hai was very polite and collected them all. Now in ancient times, If the Sword Gang wanted to develop, it couldn't do without these things, and he decided that it seemed that he would have to prepare more pills and the like in the future.

If a monk wants to be successful in cultivation, what is the most important thing? In fact, all kinds of materials are very important to monks. Without these materials, it is difficult for a monk to achieve much. Even if you are a genius, if you do not have the corresponding materials Supply, you can't achieve much.

What has Zhao Hai relied on the most along the way? In fact, it is space, and what is the biggest benefit of space? It can provide him with endless supplies. It is precisely because of the existence of space that Zhao Hai can go where he is today, and the Blood Killing Sect can go where it is today. Therefore, materials are the most important thing for monks.

Just when Zhao Hai was thinking about these things, he suddenly heard a very urgent knock on the door from outside. This made Zhao Hai stunned. He looked out with his mental strength and found that the person knocking on the door was actually Wu. Yang, he stood up immediately, walked out, opened the door, but pretended to be a little surprised and said: "Brother Wu, why are you here?"

Wu Yang said in a deep voice: "Come with me quickly. Your Excellency is in my shop now." Wu Yang's words surprised Zhao Hai. He did not expect that Le Wenzhen came in person. It seems that what happened there The incident really touched Le Wen a lot. When he thought of this, he quickly responded and followed Wu Yang straight to Qingfeng Yangyi's store.

When the two arrived at the back of the store, Wu Yang directly led Zhao Hai to the living room. As expected, Le Wenzhen was sitting in the living room. As soon as they saw Le Wenzhen, Zhao Hai and Wu Yang immediately saluted him and said in unison: " I have met you, sir." It can be said that both of them are Le Wenzhen's subordinates. Naturally, they cannot call Le Wenzhen their senior brother, they can only call them sir.

Le Wenzhen nodded, and then he said: "Wu Yang, you go out first." Wu Yang responded, saluted to Le Wenzhen, turned and left. After Wu Yang left, Le Wenzhen immediately He looked at Zhao Hai with gleaming cold eyes and said, "Zhao Ying, are the things on the jade slip you gave me before true?"

Zhao Hai knew that he was talking about the matter on the jade slip, so he immediately said: "It's true, of course it's true, sir, I did see several people monitoring the place in Chufang City, and finally I had no choice but to sneak into the station and assassinate Wu Ju. This was actually very risky, because not only did I have to kill Wu Ju, but I also had to control another person, and I also had to disguise myself as Once his appearance is discovered, the consequences will be unimaginable. Fortunately, those people did not doubt me, and I succeeded in the end. Otherwise, I am afraid that I will not be able to complete this mission."

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.