c7919 Return

Zhao Hai stood quietly on the main street of Linyuan Town. He was waiting for someone. He was waiting for Xiao Jiu and the others. Except for those who were captured, all the other people who attacked the Ancient Sword Gang were killed by them.

People from those sects may not care about the Gujian Gang's attack this time. Perhaps in the eyes of those sects, the battles between these casual cultivator gangs are nothing more than noobs pecking each other, and they don't care about them at all. However, the impact of this incident on the casual cultivator circle is very huge.

Loose cultivators have their own circle. In this circle, everyone knows which forces are relatively powerful and which are not easy to deal with. However, Linyuan Town is almost a forgotten place, with no one He will take Linyuan Town seriously, because in the memories of all casual cultivators, Linyuan Town is a place where a group of poor ghosts with no ability settle down.

The last time Linyuan Town got the news about an iron-feathered bird, although people in the casual cultivator circle were surprised, it was only a moment of surprise, because when they got the news, Linyuan Town had already gotten the iron-feathered bird. For several days, even if they didn't buy the Iron Feathered Bird, they might have cooked it. Even if they tried to rob it, they wouldn't get much benefit. Therefore, some big forces among the casual cultivators, even if Knowing this news, there will be no reaction.

This news triggered all small forces. Although these small forces are small, there are many people who know about them. Everyone wants to see what will happen to the people of the Ancient Sword Gang. In fact, no one thinks that the people of the Ancient Sword Gang will succeed. , in everyone's opinion, the people of the Gujian Gang are dead this time. With so many people dealing with them, they are still not dead. After all, there are no masters in Linyuan Town.

But soon they knew that the people from the Gujian Gang actually blocked the attack of those people. In the end, the people from the Gujian Gang withdrew from Linyuan Town on their own, and those people naturally didn't get any benefits. To be honest, The performance of the Ancient Sword Gang in this battle has exceeded their imagination.

But something even more surprising happened to them. The Gujian Gang actually started to retaliate against all those who attacked them. They didn't know at first why the people of the Gujian Gang retreated, but now they know. At that time, the people of the Gujian Gang retreated, indeed to protect themselves, but at the same time, they also wanted to paralyze the enemy. They wanted to make the enemy think that they were really outmatched, and really retreated, and then sent people to follow their enemies and find them. The enemies then retaliate one by one.

Among casual cultivators, there are many people who are beaten to death, and revenge and revenge happen every day. However, like the Gujian Gang, there are really not many people who take crazy revenge, which surprises everyone. , they did not expect that the people from the Gujian Gang would be so powerful.

It is precisely because of this act of revenge that the Ancient Sword Gang is well-known to people in the casual cultivator world. All casual cultivators know that the Ancient Sword Gang is a gang with a very vengeful heart. If you offend them in the future, you must Be careful, otherwise, it will be very dangerous for them to retaliate.

In the world of casual cultivators, sometimes being strong and not being easy to mess with are actually not synonymous. If you are strong, you may not be easy to mess with, but just because you are not easy to mess with does not mean that you are strong, nor does it mean that you are not easy to mess with. It may mean that you are vindictive, use poison, or dare to fight to the death, and the people of the Gujian Gang are vindictive, so they are labeled as not easy to mess with.

In fact, there is no need to think too deeply about those casual cultivators. Most of them are just ordinary people who want to look like themselves, but have been confused by real life and just want to live. They don't have the same sense of honor as those disciples of the sect, so for them, lowering their heads and being submissive is nothing at all. It is precisely for this reason that Zhao Hai can subdue the green snake so easily. Help people.

And now Zhao Hai is standing here, actually waiting for Xiao Jiu and the others. Xiao Jiu and the others have completed their revenge and brought all the family members of the Green Snake Gang over. The Green Snake Gang is not a big gang, but their The strength is still there, get all their family members here, so that they can truly integrate into the Ancient Sword Gang.

These days, he has been keeping in touch with Xiao Jiu and the others. He knows that Xiao Jiu and the others are coming back soon. They do not have a teleportation array here. Although Zhao Hai has a portable teleportation array, he cannot get it back, so he can only let Xiaojiu and the others. Brought all the Green Snake Gang family members back.

Just when Zhao Hai was thinking about the current situation of the Blood Killing Sect, there was a sudden noise outside the town. Zhao Hai looked up and saw a group of people walking in from outside the town. Zhao Hai couldn't help but have a look on his face. He smiled, because he had already seen that this group of people was Xiao Jiu and the others. Among them, there were many women and children, who should be members of the Green Snake Gang.

Zhao Hai immediately walked forward quickly to meet him, and among the group of people, two people also walked out, one was Xiao Jiu, and the other was Duandao, and the two of them also walked quickly towards Zhao Hai Coming over, Zhao Hai opened his arms towards the two people from a distance, and the two people also opened their arms. The three of them hugged each other tightly and laughed. After a while, Zhao Hai let go of his hands. He glanced at the two of them and said with a smile: "It's hard work for you this time, but you did a good job."

Xiao Jiu said with a smile: "This is nothing. The main thing is that this time we really showed the prestige of our Ancient Sword Gang. I am really happy." Xiao Jiu's words are true. This time they really This time they had to pass through many small towns from Fufeng Town to Linyuan Town, and when they were resting in those small towns, when others heard that they were members of the Ancient Sword Gang, they had to pass through many small towns. No one from the Jian Gang dared to cause trouble for them, which also let Xiao Jiu and the others know that the Gu Jian Gang was now somewhat famous.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, glanced at the people who were going to the town one after another, and said in a deep voice: "Get them settled first, and then we will go to the cafeteria for a meeting." The two of them responded, and Feihua and Di listened to them. They all came out and began to help settle the people from the Green Snake Gang.

Among the people from the Green Snake Gang, some of their family members have died at the hands of the Ancient Sword Gang, but they did not show much hostility towards the Ancient Sword Gang. They all had a very complicated look on their faces. Looking at Zhao Hai, no one dared to say a word, and they all accepted Zhao Hai's arrangements very honestly.

After arranging those people, everyone from the Ancient Sword Gang went to the cafeteria. Even the people from the Green Snake Gang came to Shizhang. These people have now joined the Ancient Sword Gang, so they will also attend this meeting. To participate, the current leader of the Green Snake Gang is named Bai Chuan. He was originally just a small leader of the Green Snake Gang, but because the leader of the Green Snake Gang was killed by Zhao Hai, he became The person with the highest status in the Green Snake Gang was naturally the one who came forward when negotiating with Zhao Hai.

This Bai Chuan is indeed a responsible person, so Zhao Hai still likes him very much. At this time, he naturally attended and sat beside Xiaojiu and the others. This also shows that his status in the Gujian Gang has already Not low anymore, Bai Chuan certainly understands this, so he is still very grateful to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "The Green Snake Gang will cease to exist from today on, and will be completely merged into our Ancient Sword Gang. I hope that you will all regard the Ancient Sword Gang as your home in the future. Don't have any inappropriate thoughts. As long as you don't betray the Gujian Gang, then you are one of the Gujian Gang's own. I will naturally treat you equally in the future, but if you dare to betray the Gujian Gang, then I won't be rude to you. .”

Bai Chuan quickly stood up and said: "Gang leader, please don't worry. From today on, all of us are members of the Gu Jian Gang. We have no two intentions." Bai Chuan knew very well that their family members were here now. If they If they really dare to betray, the Gujian Gang will be the first to take action on their family members, so now they really regard themselves as members of the Gujian Gang.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Okay, let's not talk about this matter. Let's talk about another matter. It's getting late now, and the weather will get cold soon. Although we have already done this, We are ready for the winter, but because the people from the Green Snake Gang have joined us, we need more things, so we will still need to be busy for a while in the next period of time. There are two main things. One is firewood. , The second is food, there are a lot of dried fruits in the woods that are ripe now, we need to organize everyone to pick them, and the second is to cut more firewood for use in winter."

Everyone nodded. This matter concerns everyone and everyone attaches great importance to it. Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and then said: "Besides this matter, there is another matter that is also very important. That is our winter arrangement. In the past, everyone stayed at home during the winter and had nothing to do, but this time I don’t want to do that. I plan to use the air in the winter to conduct some winter training.”

When Zhao Hai said this, everyone looked at each other. This was the first time they heard the word winter training, so everyone looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion. Zhao Hai looked at them, smiled slightly, and said in a deep voice. : "This winter, we will train collectively to improve everyone's strength and prepare for our expansion next year."

Bai Chuan and the others were a little surprised. They didn't know Zhao Hai's plan, so when they heard what Zhao Hai said, they all looked at Zhao Hai in surprise. Zhao Hai had never told them about expansion before, and now suddenly Speaking of this, they were all very surprised.

Zhao Hai looked at Bai Chuan and the others, and then at Xiao Jiu and the others. Xiao Jiu and the others were very happy, even a little excited. Zhao Hai looked at them and said in a deep voice: "Bai Chuan, you may not know yet, we We have already made a plan to expand next year. We can use this winter to conduct a training camp so that everyone's strength can be improved to a certain extent. Only then can we be able to expand. Is there any surprise for everyone?" The main thing Zhao Hai asked was Baichuan and the others, as for Xiaojiu and the others, would not have any objections.