c7916 agree

Zhao Hai looked at Wu Yang. He knew very well that it was useless to talk to Wu Yang about random ideals or anything like that. He could only tell the truth, so Zhao Hai said to Wu Yang in a deep voice: "Brother Wu, please sit down. Let's talk slowly after we sit down." After saying that, he sat down directly. Wu Yang glanced at Zhao Hai and also sat down.

After Wu Yang sat down, Zhao Hai said to Wu Yang: "Brother Wu, let me tell you the truth. Now we are helping Master Le to do things, and what did Master Le ask me to do?" Things, even if you don’t know, you will guess some if you think about it. Although you may not know what Master Le asked me to do, but if something really happens to Master Le in the future, or Master Le thinks , I know too much, and I am of no use to him anymore, so he wants to get rid of me. By that time, do you think he will let you, the person who knows about my relationship with him, exist?"

Wu Yang listened to Zhao Hai's words quietly. When he heard what Zhao Hai said, his face couldn't help but change slightly. What Zhao Hai said was not wrong at all. If nothing happened to Le Wen, it would be okay. If something happens to Le Wen, then his subordinate, Le Wen, will definitely not have a good life.

And just like Zhao Hai said, if Le Wen really thinks that Zhao Hai is useless, thinks that Zhao Hai knows too much, and wants to take action against Zhao Hai, then he will never let him go. Because he knows the relationship between Zhao Hai and him, Le Wenzhen will not let him go when the time comes.

He felt that he had thought things too simply before. He thought that as long as he didn't know what kind of task Zhao Hai had completed, Le Wenzhen would not deal with him. But he forgot that he was in Le Wenzhen. In his eyes, he is just a servant. If he dies, he will die. There is nothing special about him. As long as the secret can be kept, Le Wen really doesn't care about his life or death. This is the most important thing.

When he thought of this, Wu Yang turned to look at Zhao Hai, and then said in a deep voice: "Junior Brother Zhao, although your words have some truth, don't forget that I am a servant of the Qingyang Sect and was assigned to Under Master Le, do you think Master Le can kill me at will?" Although Wu Yang agreed very much with Zhao Hai's words, he knew that he had to pretend to disagree, otherwise, the initiative in the conversation would be lost. It's completely in Zhao Hai's hands.

Zhao Hai glanced at Wu Yang, then smiled slightly and said: "Brother Wu, I come to talk to you today with sincerity. We don't tell lies in front of people, so let's make it clear. You will become Master Le." Servant, you can still be a shopkeeper here. Do you think the people in Qingyang Sect will regard you as Master Le’s subordinate? You have become Master Le’s subordinate. If Master Le wants to kill you, what else can you do? question?"

Wu Yang stopped talking. Zhao Hai looked at him and said in a deep voice: "Brother Wu, let me tell you the truth. I don't mean to harm Mr. Le, I just want to protect myself. If we want to protect ourselves, we must have some necessary means. We must have our own power. I think the servants and disciples of Qingyang Sect are actually a very good power, what do you think?"

Wu Yang was stunned for a moment, and then he looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion. Zhao Hai looked at Wu Yang and said in a deep voice: "Brother Wu, if we can recruit more disciples to join us, it may be completely different. , we can turn what Master Le did into jade slips and hand them over to them. If something happens to us, they can send these things to the sect. By that time, Master Le, I’m afraid he won’t have an easy time, right? What do you think?”

Wu Yang immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. He looked at Zhao Hai and said: "What you mean is to tell them this matter as our back-up. If Master Le really takes action against us in the future, he will Are you afraid of attacking us? Is that what you mean?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, that's what I mean, and with the technique like today, if I can get any magic weapon in the future, I can give you a copy, and you can get the technique and the magic weapon." How about it?" Zhao Hai knew very well how attractive these things were to people like Wu Yang, so he said this.

Wu Yang looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "You have already started plotting against Master Le at this time. Aren't you afraid that Master Le will blame you if he finds out?" Wu Yang felt that Zhao Hai was really going too far. At this time, he had already begun to plot against Le Wenzhen. If Le Wenzhen knew Zhao Hai's thoughts, he would probably not let Zhao Hai go.

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said: "I am a casual cultivator, and now I am just a peripheral disciple of Qingyang Sect. peripheral disciple, what else do you think I can do? I am just thinking of ways to protect myself. Otherwise, what else can I do?" Zhao Hai knew very well that although Wu Yang's status sounds more prestigious than that of casual cultivators, their actual situation is similar to that of casual cultivators. In those sects, no one takes him seriously at all.

Wu Yang looked at Zhao Hai for a while and then said: "What you said is right and makes sense. We must have some back-ups, otherwise we will just be killed in vain. I definitely don't want this. , Let’s do this, leave the matter of winning over people to me, but you must also tell me what Master Le asked you to do.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he directly took out a jade slip, entered some content into the jade slip, and then handed the jade slip to Wu Yang. Wu Yang took the jade slip that Zhao Hai gave him. He carefully looked at the contents in the jade slip. When he saw the contents in the jade slip, his expression changed. Then he raised his head and looked at Zhao Haida and said, "Is what you said above true?"

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Of course it is true. If it were not true, do you think I would do this? I just want to protect myself. Otherwise, if I don't have some means of self-protection, do you think the things I have done are enough?" How many times have I died?" Zhao Hai knew very well that if the people of Qingyang Sect knew what he had done, he would only die.

Wu Yang's expression finally recovered, and he said in a deep voice: "If everything you said is true, then we really need some means of self-protection. That's all. I'll leave this matter to you, but I need more. There is no way I can win over people with my skills."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he said in a deep voice: "There are a few more jade slips here. You can make copies of them all. This is all the jade slips I have in my hand." After saying that, Zhao Hai took out a few jade slips. He gave the jade slips to Wu Yang. Wu Yang was not polite and copied all the jade slips. Then Zhao Hai gave Wu Yang a fist and turned and left.

Zhao Hai is very clear that the relationship between him and Wu Yang is completely a combination of interests, without any loyalty at all. However, because of the existence of a powerful common enemy like Le Wenzhen, their current combination of interests is now It is still very safe and there will be no accidents. This is why Wu Yang cooperates with him so easily, because Wu Yang also guessed some things that Le Wenzhen asked him to do, and he also wanted to protect himself.

Zhao Hai returned to his room, and then went directly to Ke Lai Xuan. When he arrived at Ke Lai Xuan, Fang Keming immediately welcomed Zhao Hai into the room. After Zhao Hai arrived in the room, Fang Keming said to Zhao Hai : "Sir, if you don't come to me, I will go find you. I have something to tell you."

Zhao Hai looked at Fang Keming puzzled and said, "What's the matter?" Zhao Hai really didn't know what Fang Keming wanted to do with him. Could it be that there was something going on at the Hell Gate? No, if there are any tasks at the Hell Gate now, you can tell him directly. There is no need to go through Fang Keming.

Fang Keming said in a deep voice: "Sir, what I am thinking of is actually the Yunlai Inn. The Yunlai Inn is actually the people from the Hell Gate. I think this, sir, you should also know. Originally, the Yunlai Inn was with us. Ke Lai Inn belongs to Hell Gate. The reason for opening two stores is just to avoid problems with one store so that the other store can send the news back in the shortest time. However, after a long period of development, now Ke Laixuan and Yun Lai Inn have become different systems. Although the names of the stores may be different in different cities, in general, there are at least two stores in the city, and these two stores , but they belong to different jurisdictions. As a result, over time, some problems will inevitably arise. Now the people in our two systems have begun to show signs of differences. They both want to overpower each other and want to catch each other. To take advantage of the other party, my lord, the relationship between you and me, if we put it in the past, there would be no problem, but now that the villain has taken refuge in you, my lord, things will be completely different. If this goes on for a long time, I'm afraid The people at Yunlai Inn will find out something is wrong with the landlord, and if they report it to the door, things will not be easy to handle."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but was slightly stunned. Then he nodded and said: "Yes, what you said makes sense. If they find out about us, it will indeed be a headache. The best way is to That is, make them your own. Let's do this. I will do this and you don't have to worry about it. I came to you this time to discuss something. Le Wen really came to see me today. He gave me some rewards. In addition to some exercises, the most important thing is a coordinate. There is a black market. I now have many magical weapons of Qingyang Sect disciples. I have left all the magical weapons. What's the use, but I don't want to take it to the black market, I want to leave it to the door, what do you think?"

Fang Keming immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant, and he said in a deep voice: "Sir, you mean that you are worried that the people in the door will be dissatisfied with you after knowing that you went to the black market to deal with those things, but did not report it. ? But what does this mean?" Fang Keming has a lot of life experience, so as soon as Zhao Hai told this matter, he immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant, and at the same time he was very moved. Zhao Hai really gave him He regarded him as one of his own, otherwise he wouldn't even discuss such matters with him. He didn't know at all that in fact, Zhao Hai did this deliberately, and the purpose was to make him have such thoughts.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.