c7911 ask

Moreover, what Zhao Hai said before also made Wu Yang more certain that Zhao Hai is definitely not simple. That is, Zhao Hai said that the Ancient Sword Gang will expand. If what Zhao Hai said is true and Zhao Hai really did it, then as long as Zhao Hai If it succeeds, then Zhao Hai will definitely be more valued by Le Wenzhen.

Wu Yang is an old man who has followed Le Wenzhen. Although he has never been important to Le Wenzhen because of his strength, he still knows about Le Wenzhen's affairs. Le Wenzhen's foundation in Qingyang Sect It's too shallow. If he hadn't obtained some unknown inheritance and greatly improved his strength, he would never be where he is today.

But now he has the status, but there is no one in his hands. Qingyang Sect is not a newly established sect. All the forces are almost blank. Everyone can compete and divide their own forces. Qingyang Sect It has been many years since its establishment, and the forces within the sect have been divided for a long time. Those disciples who have become famous all have backgrounds, or they are clearly supported by big families, or they are members of those big families themselves, and the following ones The disciples themselves are their subordinates. The division of forces like this has been completed a long time ago. It is impossible for a new person who suddenly joins to win over his own people.

Even if Le Wen can really get some people now, the only people he can get are some very weak people. Because of this, Le Wen really has no one available. Yes, if Le Wen really had someone available, he wouldn't have had to take action himself when dealing with Zhao Hai.

If Zhao Hai can win over a force, even if it is a casual cultivator force, it will be a great help to Le Wenzhen. Le Wenzhen will definitely attach great importance to him. It is precisely because of this that Wu Yang As soon as I heard that Zhao Hai was planning to expand the Ancient Sword Gang, I knew that if Zhao Hai really succeeded, Le Wenzhen would definitely take him seriously.

What Wu Yang is thinking about now is how to deal with the relationship between him and Zhao Hai. What kind of attitude should he use towards Zhao Hai? Should he be the same as before, be more cold, or be more enthusiastic? , if he is more indifferent, then if Zhao Hai is really prosperous in the future, he will not be able to borrow any light. If he is more enthusiastic, then if Zhao Hai is prosperous in the future, he may still miss him.

After thinking about it, Wu Yang finally decided to be more enthusiastic about Zhao Hai. No matter what kind of force he is in, Erwuzi is undesirable. If you join that force, you must be wholehearted. If you join If you join that force and keep a certain distance from that force, in the end, when others deal with that force, they will still treat you as a member of that force, but that force will not really treat you as one of its own. , you will end up not being a human being.

When he thought of this, Wu Yang took a deep breath and made up his mind to do it, but he couldn't go to see Zhao Hai now. Although he decided to be nicer to Zhao Hai, there was no need to go. To please Zhao Hai, in any case, Zhao Hai was also a casual cultivator, so he was still far behind him.

Zhao Hai returned to the room, thinking about the task Le Wenzhen gave him, and finally couldn't help but smile bitterly. He really didn't expect that after entering the Wanshan Realm, he would become a killer, but no matter what, When you are a killer, just be a killer, it is for yourself anyway.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a long breath, and then directly called Feihua and Di Ting to his room. After the two arrived, Zhao Hai said to them: "Fei Hua, Di Ting, you two also You should know that I joined the Qingyang Sect. Now the people in the Qingyang Sect have given me a task. I have to do this task, so I may have to go out for a while and leave the family affairs to you. , no problem?"

After Feihua and Di listened to Zhao Hai's words, they shook their heads together. Feihua said solemnly: "Brother, don't worry, there will be no problem." Di Ting also nodded, but Feihua immediately continued: "But brother , if you really complete this mission, what should we do if an enemy attacks us?"

Zhao Hai knew what Feihua meant. It had been more than a month since they launched the revenge operation. During this period, many forces had been destroyed by them. Some people already knew that they were retaliating. If at this time, the other party suddenly attacked If Linyuan Town retaliates, it will be very troublesome here in Linyuan Town.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai also frowned, and then said in a deep voice: "Let's do this, if there are really enemies coming to attack Linyuan Town, you go to shopkeeper Wu Yang and ask him to write to me. I will be back soon." Zhao Hai was prepared to leave a transmission address for Wu Yang in a while. If anything happens, let Wu Yang contact him. He believed that Wu Yang would definitely help.

Feihua and Diting both nodded. They thought it was good to be able to contact Zhao Hai, which is better than not being able to contact Zhao Hai. When thinking of this, Feihua said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, what do you think you are now?" Are people from the Qingyang Sect still considered members of the Hell Gate? You haven’t given up on the Hell Gate, right?"

Zhao Hai shook his head and said in a deep voice: "Nonsense, how could I give up Hell Gate? You don't know the strength of Hell Gate. I have done a lot of things for Hell Gate before, and I know their strength. Let me tell you, Hell Gate The door has not shown their strength. If they showed their strength, they would definitely scare many people. Their strength is definitely stronger than Qingyang Sect."

Feihua and Di Ting were both stunned. They knew that the power of Hell Gate was not weak, but they did not expect that it would be so strong. This surprised them all. Zhao Hai looked at Fei Hua and Di Ting, smiled slightly, and said calmly. He said: "Okay, stop thinking nonsense. I will not give up at Hell Gate. Moreover, the people at Hell Gate also know about my joining Qingyang Sect. Not only do they not object, on the contrary, they are very Support, as for why they are like this, you can think about it yourself."

The two of them are not fools. When they heard what Zhao Hai said, they immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. However, there was no joy on their faces. Feihua said: "Brother, you will be in danger if you do this in the future. The people of Qingyang Sect know that you are from Hell Sect, and they are afraid that they will not let you go. You will have a handle falling into the hands of those from Hell Sect, so that people from Hell Sect can use it in the future. This thing is coming to threaten you.”

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said in a deep voice: "I just want them to think that they have grasped my handle. Only in this way will they support me. Forget it, let's not talk about this matter. You can go and have a rest. I will I will leave the town the day after tomorrow. After I leave, I will leave the affairs of the town to you. In addition to practicing, you also need to collect some wild vegetables and store some firewood. The most important thing is that we It’s almost time to harvest the Polygonatum japonica you planted. You need to collect all the Polygonatum odorifera. I’ve seen this Polygonatum japonica. If it is stored directly in the warehouse, I’m afraid it might be frozen in the winter. So you need to build a few large underground kilns in the town to store those Huangjing, do you understand?"

The two of them responded in unison, and Zhao Hai waved to them, letting them leave. The two of them saluted Zhao Hai, then turned and left. After they left, Zhao Hai grew tone, and then he directly entered the real illusion to see what other people had said these days.

When he arrived at the Tieba and read the first post, they were stunned. He really hadn't looked at the situation in the Tieba these days. Now when he saw the first post, it turned out to be about Linyuan Town. Yes, he clicked in and saw that what it said was exactly about their revenge action this time.

After taking a look at the content, he found that all those disciples were talking about was how to cooperate with him in retaliation. Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile slightly. He would never have any doubts about his loyalty to the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect. He was very clear. It is impossible for a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect to betray him, he has this confidence.

Zhao Hai said a few words to those disciples, probably saying that he would wait until next year for the Ancient Sword Gang to expand, and he would inform them of what to do then. The disciples were very excited when they saw this post he posted. They had been waiting for Zhao Hai to expand for a long time. Now that Zhao Hai is finally going to take action, they are naturally very happy.

After resting for a day, Zhao Hai opened Wu Yang again. Wu Yang still led him to the backyard, but Zhao Hai felt that Wu Yang seemed to be much more enthusiastic about him, which also made him very happy. However, he still smiled slightly at Wu Yang and said: "Brother Wu, I came to you this time because I have something to ask for. I hope you can help me."

Wu Yang quickly said: "We are all from the same sect, so we should help each other. If you have any questions, just tell us." Wu Yang was actually very happy. As long as Zhao Hai asked him to help, it would be equivalent to owing him a debt. He was a favor, which brought the distance between the two parties closer, so he was really willing to help Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "That's what happened. I'm going to complete your mission tomorrow. I don't know when I can come back, but I'm a little uneasy about the things here in Linyuan Town." , we have been following up on those people for a while, and I am worried that those people will take action here in Linyuan Town, so if someone really takes action here in Linyuan Town, I hope you can write to me, brother, don’t you I need to join the war, but I hope you can write to me, what do you think?"

When Wu Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he nodded and said: "Okay, I promise you, if someone really comes to attack Linyuan Town, I will write to you right away." Wu Yang also I know that the possibility that Zhao Hai mentioned does exist. If they retaliate against others during this period, there is no guarantee that others will not deal with them first, so Wu Yang immediately agreed with Zhao Hai's words, and he did not want to What happened here in Yuan Town? In his opinion, Linyuan Town is already Zhao Hai's territory, and it will be Le Wenzhen's territory in the future. As long as Le Wen really values ​​this place, his status will also rise, so He must ensure the safety of Linyuan Town.