c7912 Confuse

In a forest, a white light flashed, and a figure appeared. It was dark now, and there was no one in the woods. Even if some wild beasts saw this white light, they immediately stayed away without thinking. Approaching here, the man glanced around, then smiled slightly, and then moved forward directly.

After a while, he arrived outside the woods and came to a small town. This small town was inside the woods. But above the town, there was a shield. The shield was full of light and full of runes. It was very... It was so eye-catching that Zhao Hai knew that it was the city of Qingyang Sect.

Because this market is not far from the main hall of Qingyang Sect, the markets here are all covered with shields. However, these shields will only be opened at night and will not be opened during the day. It will be closed, that is to say, people can be allowed to come and go freely during the day, but it is not possible at night and no one is allowed to go in or out.

Of course, if there really comes a war between Qingyang Sect and other sects, then the shield here in Fangshi will be opened all the time, and this place will become a stronghold of Qingyang Sect, used to fight against foreign enemies. , and it is precisely because of this that this city is more advanced than the city that Zhao Hai visited before. Almost all the people who come here are elites from the outer disciples, or some inner disciples. .

Of course, there are also many casual cultivators here, but the strength of these casual cultivators is much stronger than the few cities that Zhao Hai has visited before. It can be said that those who can enter and exit this city are all elites. Whether in the Qingyang Sect or among the casual cultivators, they are all elites.

Zhao Hai has never thought about entering this city at night. It's not that he doesn't have the ability. He has the ability, but he will not attack at this time. If he is really discovered, it will be a lot of fun. That's a big deal. He wants stability in everything, so he won't enter the town at this stage.

After staying outside for one night, Zhao Hai did not enter the town the next morning, but he directly released his magic bugs and let his magic bugs enter the town. To conduct reconnaissance in the town, he must understand the situation of the town. Only in this way can he find his target this time in the shortest possible time.

This time Zhao Hai's target is the manager of Chufang City. This person is an elite among the outer disciples of Qingyang Sect. Although his strength is not as strong as Le Wenzhen, he is not weak. This person's surname is Wu. His name is Wu Zhi. He also has a Dharma Appearance. I heard that his Dharma Appearance is a rune, an earth element rune Dharma Appearance, so his defensive ability is very powerful.

As for whether this person really has any grudge against Le Wen, Zhao Hai will not care about it. If Le Wen really asks him to kill this person, he will just kill this person. He will not be polite. Anyway, this person has nothing to do with him. what relationship. Soon the magic bug found this person, who was practicing in Fangshi, where the Qingyang Sect disciples were stationed.

Zhao Hai did not enter the town, but had been secretly observing Wu Zhi to see what Wu Zhi was doing every day. Wu Zhi's life was really boring. He would practice when he got up in the morning, and continued until noon and in the afternoon. I will deal with some things in the city, continue to practice at night, until Xu time, and then go to rest.

Zhao Haida admires such people very much. Such people are pure monks. If such a person does not die, he will definitely have great achievements in the future. But it is a pity that he must die, and he will soon. Die, because he is Zhao Hai's target.

After determining his goal, he still needs to observe for a few days. Zhao Hai has never entered that city. He is not only observing Wu Ju, but also observing other people in the city. He wants to see those What were people doing? Soon Zhao Hai noticed that there were many people from Qingyang Sect in Fangshi. What surprised Zhao Hai was that some people from Qingyang Sect seemed to be very vigilant all the time. They He had been walking around the town, constantly observing the people coming and going, as if he was looking for something. The reactions of those people made Zhao Hai immediately alert.

The behavior of those people from Qingyang Sect is too abnormal. Are they looking for me? If that's really the case, then the mission this time might not be that simple, right? Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but be more careful. He held back his temper and prepared to observe for a few more days, not only to observe Wu Ju, but also to look at those guys to see what they were thinking about, so Zhao Hai did not Move around.

On the third day after Zhao Hai arrived in this town, he suddenly received a letter from Wu Yang. Wu Yang sent him a letter through the teleportation array. The content of the letter was very simple, but it was beyond Zhao Hai's expectations. Unexpectedly, the letter actually urged him to take action, and it was not because something happened in Linyuan Town.

When he saw this letter, Zhao Hai was stunned. He couldn't help but frown. He felt that something was wrong. When Wu Yang gave him the task before, he told him that there was no time for this task. It's restricted, that is to say, he can finish it whenever he wants, but now he's urging him to do it faster. There's definitely something wrong with this.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but fell silent. Now he really wanted to know what Le Wenzhen meant. Those people who were looking for something in the small town were arranged by him. If so, he arranged it. , so is this mission a trap set by Le Wenzhen for him?

However, he changed his mind and overturned this idea. If Le Wen really set a trap for him, there is no need to set a trap for him in a place like this. Moreover, having a person like him around would only benefit Le Wen and bring no harm. It is really impossible for Le Wen to attack him at this time, so it must not be that Le Wen really wants to attack him.

If Le Wen really wanted to do something to him, then the actions of those people in the town would be a bit weird. Zhao Hai could only think of three things. One is that those people were not arranged by Le Wen. The people from the Qingyang Sect were just Le Wen's real enemies. They knew that Le Wen really wanted to deal with Wu Zhi, so they sent these people to protect Wu Zhi, or to protect Wu Zhi, or to capture him so that he could be used To deal with Le Wenzhen, the second possibility is that those people were sent by Le Wenzhen. Le Wenzhen did not want to deal with him, but just wanted to know how he acted. This possibility also exists. The third possibility is that those people are actually in the small town, used to monitor the casual cultivators.

If it's the latter two, it's easy to say, but if it's the first, then things are a little troublesome. It means that Le Wen's true enemy may have arranged people around Le Wen to take action against Le Wen. It is very clear that if this is really the case, then things are really serious.

Zhao Hai frowned. He decided to take action as soon as possible, and do it quietly, not letting anyone know that he had taken action. After thinking about it, Zhao Hai finally focused on those who came in and out of Fangshi. A disciple of the Qingyang Sect, he planned to find a disciple of the Qingyang Sect, and then deal with him. Using his identity, he entered Fang City, dealt with Wu Zong, and then left, so that no one would doubt him.

He did it as he thought. Zhao Hai paid attention to the Qingyang Sect disciples in Fang City. Those Qingyang Sect disciples would also go out to do tasks, so there were many people coming in and out of the town. Those disciples were all Qingyang Sect disciples. , Bianli is already regarded as the hinterland of Qingyang Sect, and it is very safe, so those Qingyang Sect disciples are not wary when they arrive.

But not just any Qingyang Sect disciple can do it. Zhao Hai must find a Qingyang Sect disciple with some status. Otherwise, ordinary Qingyang Sect disciples will not be able to go to the Qingyang Sect’s residence. Those who are resting cannot go there to rest, and there is no way to enter the station. If he wants to take action, the possibility of being discovered will greatly increase, so Zhao Hai must choose someone with some status who can enter the Qingyang Sect station to rest. Only disciples.

Soon Zhao Hai locked a target. The Qingyang Sect disciple seemed to be doing some mission these days. He had been staying here in Fangshi for several days. He had some status and had been resting at the Qingyang Sect's residence. , but every day he went out early and came back late, frowning all the time, and not talking too much to others. As he came and went in a hurry, Zhao Hai chose him as his target.

He waited for another day. After the man left in the morning, he laid an ambush on the way back. The reason why he knew where the man came back from was because the route he took when he left and came back every day was almost the same. You don't need to spend too much time calculating where the person will come back from, you just need to ambush him.

And that man also has a characteristic. He walks into Fangshi every day. After entering the woods for five miles, he will fly up from the woods and then leave directly. However, when he comes back, he will still fly into the woods, and then in the woods. After falling down, he walked into Fangshi. He probably did this because he didn't want people to know where he went, but it also gave Zhao Hai a chance.

Zhao Hai had been lying in wait there. He was not in a hurry. He waited until it was almost dark before the man fell from the sky. As soon as he landed, he let out a long breath, then looked around, and then He moved forward, but before taking two steps, he fell to the ground and fainted immediately.

Zhao Hai had drugged him on his way. As long as he breathed, he would definitely inhale the drug and he would be stunned. As long as he fainted, Zhao Hai could directly restrain him. Then he used his identity to enter the town. Now that the man had fainted, Zhao Hai could naturally proceed to the second step.

In the second step, Zhao Hai directly took off the clothes on the person, took off the identity tag, and also took off the space equipment on the person, and then directly sealed the person's cultivation level. Then it was sealed in a big tree, and then Zhao Hai directly put on those people's clothes, adjusted his mental power, changed his appearance, and walked directly towards Fang City, and soon entered In Fangshi, the Qingyang Sect disciples in Fangshi glanced at him, some just nodded to him, and some pretended not to see him, and he never came out to where the Qingyang Sect disciples were stationed. Go.