c7924 Chance

duty The Dharma missed their best training period, which made it difficult for them to make any progress in their cultivation. In the end, they completely turned into the lowest level of casual cultivators, not valued by anyone, not to mention those from the sect. , even in a place like Hell Gate, people look down on them and can only be a small shopkeeper here, but he is really unwilling to do so. He thinks that he is no worse than anyone else, but no one believes in him. This makes How could he be willing to do so.

Fang Keming looked at him and said in a deep voice: "My lord does not want to do anything to Hell Gate, but just wants to get a higher status in Hell Gate, so what does it matter if we help him? And don't forget Now, your Excellency has another identity, that is, a member of the Qingyang Sect. If your Excellency will be reused in the Qingyang Sect, then his status in the Hell Gate will naturally increase. And I believe that your Excellency will not What do you think about giving up the two of us?"

duty Is that right? Okay, I'm going back. It's best not to let others know about our meeting." After saying that, he stood up and walked out.

Watching Du Xuan leave, Fang Keming just smiled slightly and said nothing. He knew that Du Xuan would definitely figure it out, because Du Xuan, like him, also had unwillingness. As long as he was unwilling, he would think It made sense, Fang Keming was sure, so he didn't go out to see Du Xuan off, but returned to his room and went to sleep.

But what they didn't know was that the conversation between the two of them did not escape the ears of Zhao Hai. Of course, Zhao Hai could not completely trust Du Xuan. What if Du Xuan really reported this matter directly to the Hell Gate? manage? How could he be completely at ease with him, so he listened to the two of them quietly.

Seeing that the two of them were no longer talking, Zhao Hai stopped caring about them. He sat in his room and began to write their winter training plan. In the next period of time, they will prepare for winter training. While writing this training plan, he was thinking that he should go to the edge of the Endless Abyss tomorrow to see how terrifying the Endless Abyss in Linyuan Town was.

Early the next morning, Zhao Hai got up early. After watching the children training, he led all the children to the cafeteria to eat. After eating, Zhao Hai let others lead the children to continue training, and he arranged for Xiaojiu and the others. After doing some work, I left Linyuan Town on my own. I had decided yesterday that I must go to the edge of the endless abyss.

Linyuan Town is really not that far away from the Endless Abyss. It is only a hundred miles in total. For a monk, such a distance is really nothing. When Zhao Hai arrived at the edge of the Endless Abyss, he was stunned. , because there was not a single tree on the edge of the Endless Abyss, it was bare. Although he came out of the Sword of the Abyss, it was night and he had not carefully studied the terrain on the edge of the Endless Abyss. Now that he saw it, He really felt that the Endless Abyss was really a barren land.

And as soon as he entered the area about ten miles outside the endless abyss, he could feel that the spiritual energy there was already very chaotic. An ordinary monk would definitely be very uncomfortable if he came here, because they are almost here. There is no way to use any magic. The extremely chaotic spiritual energy disperses any spiritual energy and magic, making it impossible to use magic here. ‘

Moreover, the monks here will not be able to absorb any spiritual energy because the spiritual energy is too chaotic. Even the spiritual energy in their own bodies will be affected by the chaotic spiritual energy here, causing a certain amount of chaos. If they don't get it right, they will go crazy. It is possible. Of course, the situation Zhao Hai is talking about refers to those low-level monks. If it is a high-level monk, the impact will be much smaller.

Zhao Hai slowly walked to the edge of the endless abyss. He took a look into the endless abyss. He really didn't know how deep the endless abyss was. At a glance, he could not see the bottom at all. It was completely dark, and the edge of the abyss The cliff above was also very smooth, and he could feel the mixed flow of spiritual energy sliding across his body like a knife in the endless abyss. The spiritual energy in the endless abyss was too chaotic. As long as any spiritual energy entered the endless abyss, Everyone will be thrown into chaos by them. Even if a monk with strong strength arrives here, it won't take long before he will be blown into a bloody mist by the turbulent flow of spiritual energy.

Zhao Hai slowly retreated from the endless abyss, and then slowly looked for a suitable place. The reason why Zhao Hai came here this time was to find a suitable place to train in winter. Zhao Hai's The training plan is actually very simple. It uses some extreme methods to train the people of the Gujian Gang. Only in this way can they make progress faster.

Time passed little by little, and Zhao Hai finally found a suitable place at noon. Although the spiritual energy there was very chaotic, it was still within the range that the people of the Ancient Sword Gang could bear. Zhao Hai is planning to lead the people from the Ancient Sword Gang here in winter and use their spiritual energy to fight against the chaotic spiritual energy here. When their spiritual energy is exhausted, they will immediately go back to meditate and practice themselves. aura, and then fight.

Doing this will actually leave some hidden wounds on those people's bodies, but Zhao Hai is not worried. With him, even if there are hidden wounds on those people, it will be fine. As long as they take care of themselves for a period of time, they can be nursed back to health. Well, as long as these people become stronger, they have nothing to worry about.

When Zhao Hai returned to Linyuan Town, he found that Wu Yang was waiting for him. This really made Zhao Hai stunned. Even if there were no other people from the Qingyang Sect in Linyuan Town, Wu Yang was looking for him every day. He will also attract other people's attention, right? Don't forget that here in Linyuan Town, there are also shops of several sects such as Xuanjia Sect. Wu Yang and Zhao Hai are too close to each other. Even if they are from the same sect, it is enough to make people suspicious.

As soon as Wu Yang saw Zhao Hai coming back, he immediately greeted him and said to Zhao Hai: "Come with me quickly, the master is here." After saying that, he led Zhao Hai to Qingfeng Yangyi's store. Haiyi was stunned when he heard what he said, but he immediately followed Wu Yang to Qingfeng Yangyi's store.

When the two arrived at the store, they saw Le Wenzhen sitting in Wu Yang's living room, drinking spiritual tea. Zhao Hai and Wu Yang immediately entered the living room, saluted Le Wenzhen, and said at the same time: "Greetings, sir." Zhao Haida was very surprised. Why did Le Wenzhen come to him again? If he had any tasks, he could just tell him directly. Why did he come in person?

Le Wenzhen glanced at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Zhao Ying, where did you go before? Why can't I contact you?" Le Wenzhen was really curious. Where did Zhao Hai go before? He tried to contact Zhao Hai for a long time but couldn't get in touch. You should know that Zhao Hai was carrying the teleportation array he gave Zhao Hai, so he should be able to get in touch.

Zhao Hai hurriedly said: "In reply to the Lord, I went to the edge of the Endless Abyss to see what the situation is like in the Endless Abyss here in Linyuan Town. It may be because the spiritual energy there is relatively chaotic, so there is no way to contact Xiao Hai. Sir, please forgive me." Zhao Hai really hasn't received Le Wenzhen's letter. It seems that the endless abyss has a great impact on the energy of various spells.

When Le Wenzhen heard what Zhao Hai said, he also nodded and said: "So, there is really no way to contact you in the endless abyss. This time I came to you to tell you that I have a task for you. , I hope you can complete it." At this point, he glanced at Zhao Hai, with unclear meaning in his eyes.

Zhao Hai immediately responded: "Yes." He didn't hear what mission Le Wenzhen was talking about, but listening to what Le Wenzhen meant, he was afraid that he had to go to this mission. , In fact, he has no other choice. He must accept any task Le Wen Zhen gives him. If he dares not to accept it, Le Wen Zhen is afraid that he will deal with him.

Le Wenzhen looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "This mission is not given to you by me, but by my master, the elder of Qingyang Sect. Your previous mission was completed very beautifully. My master knows After that, I was very happy. He also thought highly of you, so he gave you this task. Only you can complete this task well. My master said that he will give you a chance to become an official disciple of Qingyang Sect. Opportunity."

Zhao Hai was stunned. He knew that Zeng Yang was very optimistic about him, but he didn't expect that Zeng Yang would personally give him a task and give him such a promise. You must know that these words came from Le Wenzhen's mouth. The authenticity has reached 100%, so he can be sure that this mission must be given to him by Zeng Yang, but he does not understand why Zeng Yang personally gave him the mission. What kind of thing is this? task.

However, Zhao Hai immediately pretended to be puzzled and said: "Sir, I don't know how the master knew about this subordinate? The subordinate has just completed two tasks, how can he get into the eyes of the master?" Zhao Hai He had to pretend that he didn't know who Le Wenzhen's master was, and he had to pretend that he had no idea that Zeng Yang admired him.

Le Wenzhen looked at Zhao Hai, smiled slightly and said: "My master is Zeng Yang, the elder in charge of the outer sect of Qingyang Sect. He is also a master in Qingyang Sect. He is nicknamed Xuanfu Venerable, of course he only knew you through me. Zhao Ying, this is a rare opportunity for you. As long as you do well this time, you can directly join the Qingyang Sect and follow me. My fellow disciple has started practicing, how is it, are you happy?"

Zhao Hai quickly said: "Thank you for your support, sir. Even if I really enter the Qingyang Sect, I will definitely follow the advice of the adults. Please rest assured." After Zhao Hai said this, he gave Le Wenzhen a big gift, a little bit. He didn't dare to neglect, he knew very well what he should say at this time.