c7926 Zhang Yiwu

With a flash of white light, Zhao Hai appeared in a teleportation array. When he could see clearly what was around him, he found that he was in a teleportation array, and this teleportation array was built on the top of a mountain. It should be a large manor, and this is the teleportation array square in the manor.

Next to the teleportation array square, there was another person standing. This person was wearing Qingyang Sect clothes. He was tall and had an aura standing there. The person also saw Zhao Hai, and then he said to Zhao Hai: " Are you here to participate in this black iron mine defense battle?" His voice was loud and deep, and his words seemed to have a metallic echo.

Zhao Hai quickly raised his fist at the man and said, "Zhao Ying, you have met your senior brother, but do you know his name?" Zhao Hai knew that all the people who came here were peripheral disciples of Qingyang Sect. To put it bluntly, they were actually from Qingyang Sect. Some dead soldiers, but no matter what, they also bear the name of Qingyang Sect disciples, so there is no problem in calling them senior brothers.

The man laughed loudly and said: "It turns out to be Junior Brother Zhao Ying. I heard that Junior Brother, you are the person the elder personally named to come. My name is Zhang Yiwu, and I will be the commander of this mine defense battle." The man said as he spoke , while reaching out to help Zhao Hai up, he seemed to be very happy.

When Zhao Hai heard the identity of the other party, he couldn't help but was stunned, and then immediately said: "It turns out to be Senior Brother Zhang. Senior Brother Zhang is so polite. Please take care of Senior Brother Zhang in the future." Zhao Hai really didn't expect that Zhang Yiwu would actually He would personally come here to wait for him, so he saluted Zhang Yiwu again with all his heart.

Zhang Yiwu said in a deep voice: "Junior brother, you are too polite. Come, please come with me. Many junior brothers are already here, please." Zhao Hai responded and followed Zhang Yiwuyang to the manor and passed the teleportation square. Later, there was actually a martial arts training ground in Guangyuan. After the martial arts training ground, it was the real place where people lived in the manor.

Zhang Yiwu first arranged a room for Zhao Hai, which was a separate small courtyard. This manor looked really big. Everyone should have a separate courtyard. After all, they were not very close to each other. Well, letting a few strangers live in the same courtyard is not necessarily a good thing.

After arranging their accommodation, Zhang Yiwu took Zhao Hai to the martial arts training ground, and then said to Zhao Hai: "When everyone is here, we will discuss what to do this time. There is a bell here. I will ring the bell at that time, and after hearing the bell, I will ask the junior brothers to gather here, no problem?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "No problem, I will definitely be there when the time comes." Zhao Hai would naturally not object to such an arrangement. Although this mission was really too simple for Zhao Hai, he But he couldn't show it, so he naturally wouldn't object to Zhang Yiwu's opinion.

Zhang Yiwu was naturally very happy when he saw Zhao Hai being so obedient, so he smiled and said to Zhao Hai: "Okay, then junior brother, you can move around freely. I have to pick up other people, junior brother, please." Zhao Haichong said He bowed to Zhang Yiwu, then turned and left.

Zhang Yiwu looked at Zhao Hai's back, but his eyes flashed with a strange look. He also knew that if the mine guarding mission was successful this time, they could all enter Qingyang Sect. Originally, he was not prepared for this mission. He is still very confident, and he is also the commander of this mission. In his opinion, it is a certainty that he will join the Qingyang Sect.

But later he heard that Zeng Yang personally nodded to Zhao Hai to join him, which surprised him and made him feel very uncomfortable. He thought that he was the most promising one among this group of people. , but this news made him remember Zhao Hai, and he knew that he had a competitor.

Zhang Yiwu has been a member of the Qingyang Sect for many years. He is still very familiar with the situation in the Qingyang Sect. He knows very well that although he is also an outer disciple, his status is very different. The disciples all have no real masters. They can only learn some common exercises found in the sect and become ordinary outer disciples of Qingyang Sect. Although such outer disciples are also the official members of Qingyang Sect, they have no real masters. members, but their treatment is really average.

The other type of outer disciples is completely different. They are the disciples of some elders in Qingyang Sect. Even if they are just registered disciples, they are still disciples. Such people have a very high status among the outer disciples. The other outer disciples could only cling to their side, and the status gap was clear at a glance.

If you want to become an elder's registered disciple, you must perform well so that the elders will remember them. And if Zhang Yiwu performs well this time, he will definitely be remembered by Elder Zeng Yang. It is not impossible for him to become the registered disciple of Elder Zeng Yang.

Originally, Zhang Yiwu thought that this matter should be foolproof, but Zhao Hai's sudden appearance made him realize that the matter was not that simple. Before this operation started, Zeng Yang had already remembered Zhao Hai's information. He has an advantage over him. Although he is the commander of this operation, Zeng Yang may not have remembered his name. If compared like this, he is even worse than Zhao Hai. .

So don't look at the smile on his face when he faces Zhao Hai, but he really doesn't have any good impression of Zhao Hai. In his opinion, Zhao Hai is his biggest competitor. If there is a chance, , he doesn’t mind getting rid of Zhao Hai directly, of course, it’s best if no one knows.

At this moment, there was another flash of white light in the teleportation array. Zhang Yiwu quickly went to the side of the teleportation array to welcome the new members. Zhang Yiwu also did this. The reason why he did this was to win people's hearts. At the same time, it is also to show one's dominant position.

Zhang Yiwu knew very well that he basically didn't know these people who came this time. Although the sect may have given these people orders to be their master, but will these people really listen to him? It's hard to say, but it is precisely because of this that Zhang Yiwu knows that he is here in the teleportation array to greet those who come to do the mission. He must confirm the identity of his leader when those people first arrive.

But Zhang Yiwu didn't see it. When Zhang Yiwu went to the teleportation array to pick up the newcomers, Zhao Hai turned to look at him. Zhang Yiwu thought he was staring at Zhao Hai from behind, so Zhao Hai didn't know what he was doing. In fact, Zhang Yiwu's every move was not hidden from Zhao Hai's eyes, and Zhao Hai almost knew what Zhang Yiwu was thinking. , he is the leader of a sect. Although the Blood Killing Sect does not have so many things, there are always a lot of such battles in other sects. He knows too much, so what Zhang Yiwu thinks, he It was clear, but he didn't take it to heart.

Zhao Hai returned to his room, tidied up briefly, and then thought about this mission. Although this mission was not difficult for Zhao Hai, how he performed better was also a problem. He Now that he is a physical cultivator, he can only be a physical cultivator. But then, the question arises. He is a physical cultivator, so what weapon should he use.

Although he already has an elephant bead in his hand, the elephant bead cannot be taken out for use. Although the elephant bead Lewen Zhen gave it to him has a provenance, the ability of this elephant bead is really very strong. He believed that Le Wen probably didn't know how precious the elephant beads were. He didn't want others to snatch them, so he couldn't use them.

But he has no other weapons to use now, which gives him a headache. What kind of weapon should he use next? Or just don't use weapons? This is not impossible, and he now has the Dharma Aspect. He can also use the Dharma Aspect when necessary. Of course, it would be best if he has a weapon, because Zhao Hai found that monks of his level usually fight. In fact, it is rare to use Dharma Appearance when using Dharma Appearance, because using Dharma Appearance will not last long. If you fail to destroy the enemy when using Dharma Appearance, it will be very dangerous.

It may be for this reason that people like Zhang Yiwu and others rarely use magic weapons when fighting, and fighting with magic weapons is still the mainstream. Of course, there are also spells. Although they can't use the Dharma Form now, they already have the Dharma Form. There are already some other magic circles on the Dharma Form, and they can use the spells in those magic circles. , and the consumption is very small. Of course, the same goes for the magic weapon, and it is easier to use than ordinary spells.

Just when Zhao Hai was thinking about these things, he suddenly heard the sound of a bell. Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately understood that this must be Zhang Yiwu gathering everyone to discuss how to deal with the enemy. Zhao Hai A smile couldn't help but appear on his face. He really wanted to see what Zhang Yiwu would arrange.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately walked out of the room and walked to the martial arts training ground. This manor was still very big. After all, all mountains like this belonged to Zeng Yang, and for monks, building a manor was not a big deal. It doesn't take much trouble, so the manor is built very large, and this martial arts training ground can accommodate thousands of people practicing martial arts together.

There are also miners in this mine. Those miners are actually mine slaves. They are all people recruited from various countries. They work here and can also practice martial arts here. Of course, they have their own tasks every day. As long as they complete the tasks , they can practice martial arts here, otherwise it won't work.

It is precisely because of this that such a large martial arts training ground was built here in this manor. Now the mining slaves and the Qingyang Sect disciples who were originally stationed here have all left. Zhao Hai and the others are the only ones here. , and this time the number of disciples sent by the Qingyang Sect was one hundred, so even if they all arrived at the martial arts training ground, it still seemed very empty. In addition, these people who came this time did not know each other. So everyone kept a certain distance, one in the east and the other in the west, which reduced the number of people in the entire martial arts field. Faced with this situation, Zhang Yiwu had nothing to do. He was only the commander of this operation, but There is no difference between status and other people.