c7928 raid

But Zhao Hai didn't think so. He was not an ordinary person. He had participated in too many battles, so he saw the problem with Zhang Yiwu's allocation at a glance. The area he was allocated was deep in the mine. This place looks relatively safe, but it is a node. That is to say, it is a node in the mine. There are dozens of passages leading there. If the enemy enters the mine through other passages, , there is a great chance that he will enter the area where he is, and although the area where he is located is connected to other areas, the space there is not small. If the enemy enters there, he will There will be a careful search there, and he will most likely be found in the end.

If it is on flat ground, then the areas guarded by others are just roads. Although they may guard more passages, they mainly focus on sneak attacks and surveillance, and they will not really let you fight in the passages. The enemy fights to the death, so their defense is actually not very difficult.

But the situation of Zhao Hai's guarding is different. The area Zhao Hai guards is equivalent to a city. In other words, Zhao Hai is guarding the city, but the city is a battleground for the enemy, so he can see It seemed safe, but in fact it was the most dangerous. Others couldn't see this, but it was impossible for him not to see it.

Seeing this distribution plan, Zhao Hai had already concluded that Zhang Yiwu was indeed uneasy and kind to him, and he almost knew why Zhang Yiwu treated him like this. It must be because of Zeng Yang's words, but he didn't He didn't object to anything, but smiled at Zhang Yiwu and said nothing.

Zhang Yiwu has been paying attention to Zhao Hai's expression. If Zhao Hai jumps up to oppose him at this time, then he will not be polite to Zhao Hai. He is doing it for the sake of justice, so naturally it will not have any impact, even if it is him If Zhao Hai is dealt with here, no one will say anything. He still believes this.

Now I saw that Zhao Hai didn't say anything. Although he was a little disappointed, he didn't say anything more. He just nodded to Zhao Hai, looked at the others, and said in a deep voice: "If you don't If you have any comments, then everyone can go back and rest. In three days, the gambling battle will officially begin, and everyone can use these few days to prepare well."

Everyone responded, then turned and left. Zhao Hai didn't say anything and went back to his room. In fact, he didn't need to look at anything at all. He already knew almost everything about the situation on the mountain, including Those mines in the mountains.

There is no one in those mines now. Zhao Hai sent some magical insects in to make the situation in the mines clear. This vein is indeed very huge, and it seems that it can be mined for a long time. But there are indeed a lot of mines inside now, and the mines are like spider webs.

Zhao Hai rested one night, and early the next morning, he followed the others and entered the mine. Although he had already understood the situation in the mine, if he had stayed in the room, it would also cause other problems. People were paying attention, so Zhao Hai followed everyone into the mine.

After Zhao Hai entered the mine, he walked straight to the area he wanted to defend. Soon Zhao Hai arrived at the area he wanted to defend. That area was indeed better than the others. The area is spacious, but the terrain is also very complex. Not only are there dozens of passages leading there, but there are also many resting places left by former miners, which makes the terrain even more complicated.

Zhao Hai wandered there for a long time, and finally he chose a cave, entered the cave directly, and began to meditate there. Although the mine was very dark, there was no feeling of stuffiness at all. Zhao Hai Hai didn't want to go outside anymore, so he just waited here for a few days.

Zhang Yiwu had been paying attention to Zhao Hai. He saw Zhao Hai entering the mine with others, but did not see Zhao Hai come out. This made him very surprised. It was precisely because he did not see Zhao Hai coming out that he He had been paying attention to Zhao Hai, but Zhao Hai did not come out of the mine until dark, which made him even more surprised.

However, Zhang Yiwu did not go to Zhao Hai, but waited. He wanted to see what Zhao Hai wanted to do, but to Zhang Yiwu's disappointment, Zhao Hai did not even come back at night, which made Zhang Yiwu even more surprised. , so the next morning, Zhang Yiwu took out the communicator and prepared to contact Zhao Hai.

He didn't contact Zhao Hai out of good intentions. He was worried that something might happen to Zhao Hai. Although the gambling battle would take two days to start, who knows if the enemy would get involved now. If the enemy got involved now, then they would But he was not prepared at all, so he had to make sure that Zhao Hai was not killed by the enemy.

Of course, he also suspected that Zhao Hai might have run away secretly, but this suspicion was quickly rejected by him. No one could see anything wrong with the area he assigned to Zhao Hai, and there were even some He was very envious. You must know that he had studied that area for a long time before selecting it. It was impossible for others to see the problem in a short time, so he did not think that Zhao Hai would see any problem. .

As long as Zhao Hai doesn't see the problem, he won't run away. If he runs away, he will inevitably be charged with escaping from the battlefield. By then, he may not be able to survive in the Qingyang Sect, so he won't He believed that Zhao Hai would run away, and he believed that there must be something else going on.

The communicator was quickly connected, and Zhao Hai's voice came: "Who is it?" The voice was very calm, as if there was no problem with Ren Bao. Upon hearing this voice, Zhang Yiwu breathed a sigh of relief, and then he immediately He said: "It's Junior Brother Zhao Ying, where are you now? Why don't I seem to see you back here at the manor?"

Zhao Hai had actually known for a long time that Zhang Yiwu was looking for him. In fact, none of the people involved in this operation seemed to know each other. The only one who had spoken to him was Zhang Yiwu. Apart from Zhang Yiwu, it was impossible for anyone else to look for him. He, so he knew who it was without guessing. Now when he heard Zhang Yiwu ask, Zhao Hai immediately said: "Brother Zhang, I am here in the mine. Although the environment in this mine is not very good, it is still good." It’s not that bad, I’m just going to wait here for the enemy to arrive, so I can get used to the environment here.”

When Zhang Yiwu heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be startled, and then his expression couldn't help but change, and then he said in a deep voice: "So that's it, Junior Brother Zhao is really interested, then, Junior Brother Zhao, if you think this is useful, you can Stay in the mine, and I’ll tell you when we take action.”

Zhao Hai responded, and then Zhang Yiwu hung up the communication. Although the communication was disconnected, Zhang Yiwu's face still didn't look good. He felt that what Zhao Hai said seemed to make sense. The environment in the mine was still different from the outside. Yes, if they can become familiar with the environment in the mine as soon as possible, it may be very helpful for their actions.

Thinking of this, Zhang Yiwu also made up his mind, and then he moved straight towards the mine. He had to know the situation there, and some people who participated in this operation also saw Zhang Yiwu's face. They were all stunned by the action. They were already familiar with the environment in the mine yesterday. To be honest, the environment in the mine was really not very good. They didn't like to stay in the mine, so as long as they were familiar with the environment, they Okay, they were not going to enter the mine before the war started. Now that they saw Zhang Yiwu entering again, they were all stunned.

Then there were smart people who almost guessed what Zhang Yiwu wanted to do, so some disciples entered the mine directly. This time was a real battle, and people would die. They did not dare to neglect it, as long as they could improve a little bit. They will never let go of the chance to survive.

Less than an hour after Zhang Yiwu and the others entered the mine, a group of men in black suddenly approached the manor. There were many Qingyang Sect disciples in the manor, but because they had to wait until the day after tomorrow, they would not be able to truly gamble. During the fight, they were not too vigilant. They didn't even have a guard post. They didn't even know they were touched by those men in black.

The men in black were very organized and divided into five groups. They slowly moved towards the manor from five directions. When they arrived outside the manor's courtyard wall, the men in black took out a communication circle and first communicated in a low voice. After a moment, he calculated the time, and then attacked the manor almost at the same time.

However, this manor is also very large. The men in black obviously know something about this manor, so they are also very careful in their actions. Almost all the five teams are there. They first sent one person to jump into the courtyard wall. After discovering After there was no one around and there was no danger, they all let out low-pitched whistling sounds, and then others followed and entered the manor. They looked around vigilantly. After no one was found, the leader Only then did they wave their hands, and they immediately headed towards the manor.

Huang Xiang is a peripheral member of the Qingyang Sect. He got up relatively late today. In his opinion, there should be no fights between these large sects. If one side does not respect the rules, he will not do it at all. Thinking that there would be enemies coming at this time, he slept until very late and didn't get up.

He had just opened the door, ready to go out for some air, but the moment he opened the room, he felt a light flash in his eyes, and the next flying sword stabbed straight towards his throat. The long sword It was less than a foot away from his throat, which surprised Huang Xiang, who was completely defenseless.

However, he was not a rookie who had not experienced battles. The habit he had developed over many years of fighting made Huang Xiang lie back violently. He fell straight back like a wooden stake that had been pushed over. , but at this moment, he felt his chin and nose go cold, and then a sense of pain came. He knew that his chin and nose were probably all injured, but now he couldn't care less. , as soon as he dodged to the ground, his figure suddenly slid back, sliding directly to the back.