c7920 Visit

Of course Baichuan and the others would not have any opinions. What opinions they could have? They had just joined the Ancient Sword Gang. If they raised their own opinions at this time, they would definitely be making themselves uncomfortable, so Baichuan and the others were shaken. He shook his head to show that he had no objection at all.

Zhao Hai then said: "Okay, then this matter is settled, everyone should go back." Everyone responded, then turned and left. Zhao Hai waited until everyone left, then returned directly to his room, and then He took out a magic circle, which was exactly what Old Liu Tou had given him to facilitate their contact.

Zhao Hai plans to buy some elixirs through Lao Liutou and use them in training this winter. There are few monks who do not need elixirs. For gangs like the Ancient Sword Gang, which are all composed of casual cultivators. Here, there are really very few people who can afford to use elixirs, and Zhao Hai is preparing to use elixirs to improve everyone's strength this winter. Even if the improvement is not much, everyone can become Be stronger.

In fact, these days, Zhao Hai often contacts Lao Liu Tou and asks about Lanka's situation. Lao Liu Tou said that Lanka is doing very well now and Lanka has been practicing what he taught. Things, originally the Gongsun family was planning to change the training method for Lanka, but they looked around and finally found that what Zhao Hai taught Lanka was the most suitable for Lanka. This made the Gongsun family Everyone was very surprised. They really didn't expect that Zhao Hai could be so strong. This also made them curious about Zhao Hai. They even had the idea of ​​​​wanting to win over Zhao Hai, but in the end they It was settled. Old Liu Tou did not go into too much detail, but from Old Liu Tou's tone, one could tell that this matter was probably related to the internal struggle within the Gongsun family.

Although Lanka is now considered a member of the Gongsun family, his sudden appearance may be a good thing for the Gongsun family, but for some people in the Gongsun family, it may not be a good thing. If the Gongsun family wants to focus on cultivating him, it will naturally take up other people's resources, which will naturally arouse the other party's dissatisfaction. If Zhao Hai, an ignorant person, is brought into the Gongsun family, wouldn't it be equivalent to letting Lanka Is their line stronger? So naturally some people will come out to oppose it.

After all, Lanka has just joined the Gongsun family. Although Lanka's mother has a high status in the Gongsun family, she is being punished after all, and she can't do anything about it now, so in the end this matter can only be left alone. Although Zhao Hai felt a little regretful, he didn't say much.

However, Zhao Hai and Lao Liutou have always maintained contact. Lao Liutou also knows that Zhao Hai really cares about Lanka. He also hopes that Zhao Hai and the others can become stronger, so that they can become Lanka. A big help, so I have always been in contact with Lanka and the others.

This time Zhao Hai wanted to contact Old Liu Tou. He now had a lot of spiritual stones in his hand and planned to buy some elixirs through Old Liu Tou. The reason why he did this was because he had no choice but to do so. Cultivators implement a combination of cultural blockade and material blockade. The so-called cultural blockade is to block the exercises and prevent them from reaching the hands of casual cultivators. The material blockade is to block the pills and methods. Weapons and other things prevent the casual cultivators from getting more good things. In this way, the strength of the casual cultivators will not be developed and they will never be able to threaten them.

It is precisely because of this that it is really not easy for some casual cultivators to develop. Just like Zhao Hai now, even if he is rich, he cannot buy elixirs. Xiu opened a shop here, but those shops did not have the elixirs Zhao Hai needed.

Of course Zhao Hai can come up with a lot of elixirs, but how can he explain the origin of these elixirs to those people? It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai asked Old Liu Tou to help him buy some pills. Those pills may be very difficult to obtain for casual cultivators like them, but for Old Liu Tou, they are No problem at all, he could always get plenty.

After contacting Old Liu Tou and finalizing the matter, Zhao Hai began to prepare their plan this time. He wanted to make good use of this winter. By next spring, they will start their expansion plan. However, how to make good use of this winter is something Zhao Hai must carefully consider.

While Zhao Hai was making these plans, Wu Yang suddenly came outside Zhao Hai's courtyard and knocked gently on the door. Zhao Hai quickly opened the door and saw that it was Wu Yang. He couldn't help but be startled, but still He immediately let Wu Yang into the room. After sitting down in the living room, Zhao Hai looked at Wu Yang and said, "Brother Wu, why are you here in person? But what's the matter?"

Usually if something happens, Wu Yang will ask someone to invite Zhao Hai to the store, and then the two of them will discuss it, because after all, Wu Yang is an old man of the Qingyang Sect, and on the surface, Wu Yang He has a higher status than Zhao Hai. It seems a bit too conspicuous for him to visit Zhao Hai in person.

Wu Yang said in a deep voice: "There is something. Two things. The first thing is that as for what you mentioned before, you want to draw the servants and disciples of Qingyang Sect to our side. I am already here. We have done it, and judging from the current situation, the effect is still very good. Now there are more than a hundred people who have agreed to join us. They are all servant disciples about my age, and they all have some unwillingness in their hearts. , but Qingyang Sect no longer pays attention to them, that is to say, they have no chance to get ahead in Qingyang Sect, so they agreed to join us. A large part of them are now They work as storekeepers of various Qingyang Sect stores outside, and some of them hang out in the Qingyang Sect. It can be said that their lives are not very easy, so I think they can be trusted."

Zhao Hai nodded. He didn't know much about Qingyang Sect, but Wu Yang grew up in Qingyang Sect. He knew more about Qingyang Sect. It was absolutely impossible for him to win over those servant disciples. What's the problem. And as Wu Yang said, the status of a servant disciple of his age in the Qingyang Sect is actually very embarrassing.

They are old but not strong. In Qingyang Sect, this means they have no potential. Naturally, they will not be trained. They will become servants and disciples for life. They cannot be like those young people. Like the servant disciples, as long as one day, those people are strong enough, they can still become peripheral disciples, but they have lost this opportunity forever because they are older.

But they are not old yet, the fire in their hearts has not been extinguished, and they are still unwilling to give up, so they still want to work hard, but Qingyang Sect will not even give them a chance to work hard. They are now Basically there are only three ways to go. One is to become a sanitation cleaner in some public areas of Qingyang Sect, so that they can stay with Qingyang Sect with a meager income until they die of old age. Two, to leave Qingyang directly. sect, and then as a disciple of the Qingyang sect, go to those countries under the control of the Qingyang sect, become a small noble in those countries, and then work hard to have children, so that their children have the opportunity to enter the Qingyang sect. Servants, yes, they are servants. They are originally servant disciples of Qingyang Sect, so their children who join Qingyang Sect are also servant disciples. They cannot become peripheral disciples or formal disciples of Qingyang Sect, unless their children behave With extremely powerful talent, it is possible to become a disciple of the Qingyang Sect, and the family will of course become famous, but the chance of this is very low.

The third way out is to become a shopkeeper in a store opened by Qingyang Sect. Although this position seems to be very free and has income, it is actually very dangerous. Don’t forget, the people in Qingyang Sect There are also fights between disciples. If you want to become a shopkeeper, you have to take refuge with a disciple. If that disciple fails in the fight, you will also be implicated. When the time comes, you will lose your position as a shopkeeper and become a disciple. Servants are all light-weight, and if you fail, they may die together with your master. For those disciples of Qingyang Sect, there is really no hesitation in killing a servant.

Some people may say that if you are a servant, then you will naturally have the opportunity to take care of the disciples of Qingyang Sect. In this way, as long as the disciple you take care of does not die, you can always be by his side. How can you not end up in such a miserable situation? But the real situation is not like this. The real situation is that in Qingyang Sect, there are also some specialized servant families. Those servant families have been servants in Qingyang Sect for generations, like those who have the opportunity to take care of their disciples. , all composed of those who belong to the servant family. Generally, servant disciples who have no followers do not have such opportunities at all, but people like Wu Yang and others are all people who have no followers. In other words, in Qingyang Sect, Even the servants are divided into three, six or nine grades.

In the Qingyang Sect, there are many servants like Wu Yang. They have reached their age and do not want to give up, but the sect has given up on them, which makes them very impatient. Some people accept their fate and just give up. I went to those countries under the rule of the Qingyang Sect, started a small family, completely gave up the dream of immortality, and went to be a small family head with peace of mind, but more people are still persisting, for the sake of that vague hope. Hope is still making its final persistence.

It is precisely because of this that when Wu Yang told those people that there is an opportunity here, they can learn better skills, they can unite and form their own force, so maybe everyone has a chance. , so those people grabbed it without hesitation, just like those drowning people grabbing the last straw. That's why Wu Yang accomplished this matter so smoothly. In fact, like Wu Yang and the others Such people usually have some exchanges. After all, everyone has the same experience. Wu Yang also found those people, so he completed the matter very smoothly. Of course, the exercises that Zhao Hai gave him, It also played a decisive role.