c7929 seize power

"Chapter error, click here to report"

His slip indeed saved his life. Just when he was about to leave, two flying swords were nailed directly to the position where he was lying before. If he had been slower, I'm afraid he would His life was about to be lost, and while Huang Xiang was sliding back, he patted his space bag at the same time, and a talisman flew out directly, and then the talisman suddenly burned. , and then a large amount of black smoke exuding a foul smell filled the entire room. Not only was it impossible to see anything, but it also made everyone who smelled the smell feel nauseous.

Then there was a bang on the roof of this room, and a big hole was punched out, and then a group of black shadows flew out of the hole. However, it was obvious that the men in black had been prepared, and they were right in front of the black shadow. The moment he flew out of the hole, five flying swords stabbed straight at the black shadow, blocking all the black shadow's escape routes.

The five flying swords easily penetrated into the black shadow, but they did not hear the screams of the black shadow. When they heard a bang, the black shadow exploded directly, and the five flying swords immediately It exploded and flew out. This loud noise alerted other people in the manor. All those people heard the sound and immediately flew out of the room. When they came out, they discovered those black people. Yiren, the war began.

At this time, Zhang Yiwu also heard the sound. Just when he was about to go outside the mine to see what happened, he suddenly felt a sound coming from his communication circle. He immediately He grabbed his communication array and heard a voice: "Commander, Commander, can you hear me?" The voice was very unclear. Zhang Yiwu also listened carefully, and then he heard what the other party was saying. Talking about something.

He immediately replied: "I can hear it, I can hear it. What's going on outside?" He had already heard the sound, so he knew something must have happened outside. Now he was holding the communication circle, While talking, he ran outside. He wanted to get outside as soon as possible to see what was going on.

The voice came again: "Commander, I am Huang Xiang. We were attacked. The enemies were all dressed in black. My mouth and nose were injured. The voice just now was when I called the police. The sound coming out, I hope there are still people who can escape the attack of those people and hide in the mine. Now I have used the earth talisman and am hiding underground. Commander, don't come out of the mine. The enemy has begun to attack. ”

When Zhang Yiwu heard what Huang Xiang said, he couldn't help being surprised. He never expected that the enemy had already started attacking at this time. This made Zhang Yiwu really not sure what to do. He suddenly There was silence. At this time, I heard a voice saying: "I am Zhao Ying, senior brother Huang Xiang. Use the earth talisman to hide underground. Do not use the communication circle. It is easy to be discovered by the enemy. Just hide well. Otherwise All senior brothers who can hear the communication, if they are still outside the mine, try to get into the mine if you have the opportunity. Those inside the mine should be prepared for battle."

As soon as Zhang Yiwu heard what Zhao Hai said, he immediately came to his senses. He immediately said loudly: "Everyone, get ready for battle. Huang Xiang should stop talking. Whoever is closer to the entrance of the cave should go out and see what is going on. At the same time, Report the number of people in the mine now." Zhang Yiwu is very clear that he must show his ability as a commander now, otherwise he may be overpowered by Zhao Hai, which is definitely not what he wants. have witnessed.

The others immediately responded, and then began to count. However, Zhang Yiwu's heart kept sinking during this count, because he had already counted, and there were only thirty people in the mine now. Among the seven people, none of the others entered the mine. They were all outside the mine, all at the manor, and were being attacked.

Then Zhang Yiwu heard a voice saying: "I am Xu Yuan. I am closest to the entrance of the cave. I will go and check the situation." After saying that, there was no sound, and everyone in the mine was waiting for Xu Yuan. Zhang Yiwu was like an ant on a hot pot. He was really anxious to death.

At this time, Xu Yuan's voice suddenly came out: "The manor was almost destroyed. I found that there were nearly a hundred men in black, besieging more than a dozen brothers. In addition to these people, they were still fighting. , since I haven’t seen any other battles, it seems that there are only a dozen or so brothers left in the manor, Commander, what should we do now?”

As soon as Zhang Yiwu heard Chu Yuan say this, he stayed there for a moment. You must know that there were a hundred of them before, but now most of them died in one go. This made him unable to accept it for a while, and they only With so few people left, what else can we do? How could they be each other's opponents?

Zhang Yiwu's mind is now blank. It is precisely because of this that he did not speak for a long time. At this moment, he heard Zhao Hai's voice rang through the communicator: "Brothers, although I am not Commander, but I also know that the situation is very dangerous now. The brothers outside are afraid that there is no hope now. If we go to rescue people, we may be caught up in it. In that case, we will really be doomed. , the only chance we have is the mine. We are already very familiar with the mine, so let’s wait here. Brother Huang Xiang, you have to hide and don’t come out until the enemy enters. After the mine, you are looking for an opportunity to enter the mine to participate in the battle. Brother Xu Yuan, please go outside and launch an attack on the enemy. You don’t need to hit them, just attract their attention, and then retreat immediately. Go to the cave and hide. We want the enemy to know that we are in the mine, and the enemy will chase us here. The real battle will come next. I hope everyone can keep in touch."

After speaking, there was no sound, and Zhang Yiwu also came back to his senses at this time, but he opened his mouth, but he didn't know what to say, because he found that at this time, there was indeed nothing better than what Zhao Hai had come up with. There was a better way, so in the end he could only say: "Just do what Junior Brother Zhao Ying said."

No one answered him, and everyone fell silent. Everyone knew that the most dangerous time would come next, but no one thought about quitting, but they gave up because this was their chance to become official disciples of Qingyang Sect. , they will not give up this opportunity, even if they know it will be very dangerous, they do not want to give up this opportunity.

After a while, Xu Yuan's voice sounded in the communicator: "The enemy has discovered me and is coming to the mine. Get ready for battle." His voice was urgent, and you could tell at a glance that he was talking while running. But the others still didn't say anything. They all knew that at this time, it was better not to become famous.

Zhang Yiwu didn't make a sound. He also thought it was better not to speak at this time. But at this moment, the communicator rang, and Zhao Hai's voice was heard saying: "Brothers, are you all here?" Report your location so that everyone can support each other."

When they heard what Zhao Hai said, those people felt that it made sense, and they found that from the incident to now, the calmest person was Zhao Hai, and every idea came from Zhao Hai, which made them all have a crush on Zhao Hai. There was a sense of conviction. In this environment, they were certainly convinced by Zhao Hai. As for the commander Zhang Yiwu, they had already forgotten it.

When people encounter danger, they often feel at a loss. At this time, as long as someone stands up, others will often obey this person at this time, and Zhao Hai is undoubtedly the person who stands up at this time. , so everyone will naturally hear him.

Soon everyone reported their positions one by one, and then there was no sound. Everyone was waiting for Zhao Hai's next arrangement. Zhao Hai heard the positions reported by these people and analyzed them. He immediately said in the communicator: "Now we are at an absolute disadvantage in terms of numbers, so we can't disperse as we did before, but we can't gather together right now. Everyone should pay attention to the holes around them. Always pay attention to the enemy's enemies. If you find an enemy entering the mine, immediately pay attention to the number of enemies, and then notify all of us. We will all go directly. If the number of enemies is less than us, we will eat them directly. If The number of enemies is greater than ours, so we will grind against them slowly, and we will definitely grind them to death. By the way, I wonder if that senior brother has brought an enchantment circle?"

As soon as Zhao Hai's voice fell, a voice came: "I am Lin Cang, and I have a few enchantment charms on me." Then two more people also said that they had brought enchantment charms. Obviously, in Faced with such danger, they finally united, and this is what Zhao Hai wanted to see most.

Zhao Hai immediately said: "Okay, senior brothers with the enchantment talisman, please pay attention. If the number of enemies we want to deal with is not as large as ours, and we want to attack by force, please ask the senior brothers with the enchantment talisman to help us attack." We immediately used the barrier talisman to melt away the place where we were fighting, and then we attacked."

Everyone responded, but Zhang Yiwu looked at the communicator in his hand with a bitter look on his face, but at the same time a trace of murderous intent flashed across his eyes. He thought that Zhao Hai was seizing power and was completely If he didn't take him seriously, he wouldn't have thought that it was because he didn't come up with a good idea that Zhao Hai stepped forward. If he could command well, Zhao Hai would not have stepped forward.

Zhao Hai actually didn't want to stand up. If he stood up, he would be in the limelight. When he acted this time, he actually didn't want to be in the limelight, but there was no way. Zhang Yiwu couldn't command, so he had to stand up. If he didn't command, , then they will definitely lose this time. Of course he can survive, but he has no chance to enter Qingyang Sect. He does not want to lose this opportunity. Of course, of course, he can also defeat all the other Qianyuan Sect people by himself. They were all destroyed, so that he could still join the Qingyang Sect, but if he did that, he would be the most popular, so he had to stand up and take over Zhang Yiwu's command. He knew that this would offend Zhang Yiwu. , but he doesn't care.

"Add bookmarks for easy reading"