c7923 persuade

Du Xuan looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Although I am also a peripheral member of Hell Gate, I have no subordinate relationship with you, sir. You have never contacted me. Today, you came to see me. It makes me very curious. I don’t know what your orders are, please give me your instructions.”

What he said was both soft and hard. First of all, he made it clear that you and I are not in a subordinate relationship, so although I am a member of Hell Gate, I don’t have to listen to you. But at the same time, what did he ask Zhao Hai for? Just tell him what to do, this is already giving Zhao Hai face.

Zhao Hai looked at Du Xuan's appearance, smiled slightly and said: "Yes, it's really good. No wonder the shopkeeper said that your talent is better than him, so I won't go around in circles with you, Du Xuan, I think How about I ask you to follow me from now on?" When Zhao Hai said this, there was a smile on his face, and it was not obvious at all that he was conquering someone.

Du Xuan was stunned by Zhao Hai's words, and then his expression flashed involuntarily, and then he said: "I don't know what the Lord means by this? I am only a peripheral member of the Hell Gate, but the Lord is already a ghost. Sorry, if your lord has something to ask, I will naturally do it.

Zhao Hai looked at Du Xuan, nodded, and said in a deep voice: "You are not bad, very good, but I think you also understand what I mean. There is no need to pretend to be confused with me. Du Xuan, let me make it clear. I don’t want there to be a pair of eyes staring at me here in Linyuan Town and reporting every move I make to Hell Gate. From today on, if you follow me, I will naturally not treat you badly. If you don’t agree, then Don’t blame me for being rude.”

When Du Xuan heard that Zhao Hai had made it clear, he no longer pretended to be stupid, but looked at Zhao Hai with both eyes and said: "If I don't agree, what will you do? Kill me?" If you kill me, aren't you afraid that it will arouse suspicion in the sect?" Du Xuan doesn't know what Zhao Hai wants to do. Of course, what he said here is that he doesn't know what Zhao Hai wants to do. The most important thing is actually that he doesn't know. What did Zhao Hai want to do by subduing him?

Zhao Hai looked at Du Xuan and smiled slightly: "I won't kill you. Really, I will never kill you. You can rest assured about this, but I won't let you go either." , if you really don’t agree to follow me, I have two ways to deal with you. One, kill you, and then use the magic door technique to turn you into a living dead, that is, in the eyes of others, , you are still a living person, but in fact you are already a dead person. At that time, you will only listen to me. Even if I ask you to kill your wife and children, you will not hesitate. Do it, even if you don't want to, you will do it as long as I order it, but to be honest, I don't really want to use this method to deal with you."

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai paused and glanced at Du Xuan. Du Xuan's expression had changed a little, but he still didn't speak. Zhao Hai then said: "The second method is even simpler. I I accidentally got a magic circle, which is a kind of slave magic circle. As long as I use this magic circle on you, then you will be my slave. When the time comes, you will not be able to respect me. If you have any disobedience, as long as you have such a thought, I will know immediately that I can kill you with just one thought, but to be honest, I don’t want to use this method on you."

Du Xuan looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Then if I agree to follow you, how will you treat me? Do you think you will trust me if I just agree to follow you?" Du Xuan looked at Zhao Hai, He really wanted to know what Zhao Hai would say this time. He believed that Zhao Hai could not completely trust him.

Zhao Hai looked at Du Xuan and said: "If you agree to follow me, then I will deal with you the same way I dealt with Fang Keming. I forgot to tell you that Fang Keming is already mine, and it was he who suggested letting him I'm here to conquer you, and my method of treating Fang Keming is actually very simple. I gave him a skill. With this skill, he can practice and improve his level, but he Part of the spiritual energy I have cultivated will be transferred to my body, but as long as my strength is improving, your strength will continue to improve. If I die, I am afraid that your cultivation will not be guaranteed, and you may not be able to return. I will go crazy and die. Only in this way will I feel at ease with you. I wonder what you think?"

Du Xuan looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Okay, I agree to follow you and give me the skills." What surprised Zhao Hai was that after hearing Zhao Hai say the third method, Du Xuan actually He agreed directly, which was beyond Zhao Hai's expectation. Then he glanced at Du Xuan and said in a deep voice: "You agreed so happily?"

Du Xuan looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Do I have a choice? If I don't have a choice, then I will choose the best option. Is there anything wrong with this?" Du Xuan looked at Zhao Hai calmly. This really made Zhao Hai Hai was very surprised. He took a deep look at Du Xuan and said: "Your decision is indeed very correct, but I don't want to conquer you to be detrimental to Hell Gate. I just don't want to be the first to do anything." Just report it to the hell gate when it's time. If you want to stabilize me and report this matter to the gate after I leave, then I advise you to give up on this idea. It will be the same when the time comes. The skill will directly go backwards, causing you to go crazy and die. No one can see any other problems. The skill is here, take it." After saying this, Zhao Hai took out a jade slip and handed it to Arriving in front of Du Xuan.

Du Xuan glanced at Zhao Hai, then took the jade slip very simply, and then took a look at the contents of the jade slip. Then he let out a sigh of relief, ignored Zhao Hai, and just sat there and started practicing his energy. method, he had already been running the method for a week, and when he opened his eyes, his eyes flashed with light.

When he was running that set of exercises just now, he discovered that the set of exercises was actually very mysterious and made his practice speed become much faster. This really surprised him. He thought Zhao Hai What he brought out was just a set of methods to control him. Unexpectedly, it turned out to be a set of techniques.

Zhao Hai looked at Du Xuan's appearance and said in a deep voice: "Du Xuan, remember what I said, don't betray me, otherwise, I will pull out your soul and let you be burned by the spiritual fire forever. "After saying that, Zhao Hai moved and disappeared. At the same time, the barrier in the room also disappeared.

The reason why Du Xuan didn't resist before was because he found that this room had been sealed by a barrier. Being able to use such a barrier meant that Zhao Hai was much stronger than him, so he could use it. With this kind of barrier, he didn't resist, and he knew that resisting would be useless.

But after Zhao Hai left, Du Xuan thought about it, put on his clothes, and then moved out of the room. In a few steps, he had already arrived at Ke Lai Xuan, and directly arrived at Ke Lai Xuan. In the backyard, outside Fang Keming's room, he raised his hand and knocked on the door.

Fang Keming's voice came: "Who is it?" After saying that, he heard Fang Keming's footsteps. Then as soon as the door of the room opened, Fang Keming had already opened the door. When he saw that it was Du who was standing outside. Fang Keming couldn't help but be stunned, then he smiled slightly and said: "It's you, come in." After saying that, he let Du Xuan into the room.

Du Xuan didn't say anything, and went directly into Fang Keming's room. As soon as he entered Fang Keming's room, he immediately turned his head and looked at Fang Keming coldly. Fang Keming naturally noticed his gaze, but he He was not afraid at all, but looked at Du Xuan's appearance and said in a deep voice: "Looking at you, you have already taken refuge with me, but it seems that you have just taken refuge with me, right? What? Do you hate me very much?"

When Du Xuan heard what Fang Keming said, he also said in a deep voice: "If you say this, it means that you have completely surrendered to Zhao Ying? And is what Zhao Hai said true? Did you really ask him to deal with me? "?" Du Xuan did not call Master Zhao Hai, but called Zhao Hai by his first name. This shows that he still does not really recognize Zhao Hai.

Fang Keming looked at Du Xuan and said in a deep voice: "Old Du, don't look at me like that. What's wrong with me doing this? Don't you know what's going on with you and me? How much cultivation do you have? Have you not improved in years? Say it yourself, have you practiced the skills given to you by adults? Have you made any progress? And to be honest, besides adults, who else do you think would use our skills? People? Aren’t we going to die here of old age by then? What’s the point of this? Lao Du, I know what you’re thinking. It’s just that you feel a little sorry for the Hell Gate. But who are we in the Hell Gate? We are peripheral members. In fact, If we really count, we don’t even count as people from Hell Gate. We are just slightly better than those casual cultivators. What’s so great about us? What kind of betrayal? It doesn’t exist.”

Du Xuan was silent. Fang Keming's words were very reasonable. He had no way to disagree. They were just peripheral members of Hell Gate. Strictly speaking, they were really nothing, not even members of Hell Gate. , Hell Gate may have never regarded them as their real people, so betrayal or something is really out of the question.

And this time, Zhao Hai's skills he practiced have indeed improved in strength. As Fang Keming said, he has not improved in strength for many years, but now his strength has improved. This is for For him, this is definitely good news that could never be better, so he really has no way to refute Fang Keming's words now.

Fang Keming looked at him and sighed softly, and then said in a deep voice: "When I first took refuge with you, I didn't expect to get that set of skills. I just wanted to help him, in hell." I just want to get a higher status in the door and show what I have hidden in my heart. We people are not strong enough, but we are not stupid. We are even much smarter than those guys who only want to practice. We are just Our talents are not good, but because we are not strong enough, we are not taken seriously in organizations like Hell Gate, let alone those sects, so there is nothing to say, except for adults, I really want to If we don’t come out, who else can we show our talents under, what do you think?”