c7925 Gambling

Le Wenzhen was very satisfied with Zhao Hai's reaction. He glanced at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Okay, remember what you said today. If you really enter the Qingyang Sect in the future, then we will be brothers in the same sect. Yes, we should take care of each other, but you have just entered Qingyang Sect and you probably don’t know anyone, so the two of us should get closer and closer. Sit down, let me tell you about this mission first."

Zhao Hai and Wu Yang both responded, and then sat down. Le Wenzhen looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Do you know about black iron?" Although Zhao Hai and Wu Yang didn't understand, Le Wenzhen said Why did they ask this suddenly, but they still nodded. Of course they knew about Xuan Tie, and they knew it very clearly.

Black iron is a relatively common material in Cultivation Realm City. This material has three special characteristics. First, it is heavy. Yes, it is heavy. Black iron of the same size is ten or even twenty times heavier than other materials. It can be seen how amazing his weight is. Secondly, it is hard. Dark iron is very hard. Magical tools added with black iron will be harder and sharper than other magic weapons. Therefore, many magic weapons require Adding black iron, the third thing is the fusion. The fusion of black iron is very good and can be fused with almost any material. Therefore, black iron is also the main material used for refining in the world of cultivation.

Le Wenzhen looked at the two people, and then said: "My master has a black iron mine. Of course, his property is not just this. This black iron mine is just one of his many properties. , it was originally insignificant, but we can't give up. Recently, someone has the idea of ​​​​taking this black iron mine, so the master must keep his own black iron mine, but the identity of the person who mines this black iron mine is not simple. , the two sides made an agreement, that is, the masters of both sides cannot take action, and their disciples cannot take action. They can only let some peripheral disciples in the sect take action. One side attacks and the other defends. If the side wins, the Xuantie Mine will be destroyed. To whom, of course, the Xuantie Mine belongs to my master. If only the Xuantie Mine belongs to my master, of course my master will not agree. So if my master wins, the other party will have to pay my master a Xuantie Mine. Iron Mine, this is also a common method used by people of Master's level when fighting. As long as the two sides are not completely at odds, then they will not end up doing it themselves. If they end up, it may cause two major sects. In a battle between sects, the gains outweigh the losses, so we can only send some peripheral disciples to take action, just like you."

Zhao Hai immediately understood what Le Wenzhen meant. He nodded, then looked at Le Wenzhen and said, "Sir, Master, does he want me to participate in this matter this time? But is that so?" Zhao Hai already understood what Le Wen really meant. Zeng Yang's intention was to let him participate in this mine defense mission.

Le Wenzhen said solemnly: "Yes, I just want you to participate in this mine guarding mission. How about it? Are there any problems?" Le Wenzhen looked at Zhao Hai. He believed that Zhao Hai would agree, because this is very important to Zhao Hai. He said that it was really a good opportunity that he never had before, so Zhao Hai would definitely agree.

Zhao Hai immediately said: "No problem, sir, how many people are there in total for this mission? Do we have unified command?" Of course, Zhao Hai will not fail to do this mission. For him, this mission , it is really important. As long as this mission is completed, he can enter Qingyang Sect, which is definitely a good thing for him.

Le Wenzhen said in a deep voice: "There is a unified command, which is led by a peripheral disciple of my senior brother. That person seems to be named Zhang Yiwu. I heard that he is very powerful and is a ruthless person under my senior brother." It can be heard from Le Wen's words that he doesn't know much about Zhang Yiwu. It can be seen that in the hearts of these people, peripheral members like Zhao Hai and others actually have no status.

When Zhao Hai heard what Le Wenzhen said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Le Wenzhen with some confusion. Le Wenzhen looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Are you very curious? Why do I Senior brother will also send people there? How can a person of my master's level cultivate a peripheral disciple by himself? So using peripheral disciples for gambling and fighting is of course using those of us as disciples' subordinates. Are you? The same is true for Zhang Yiwu. Master said that as long as he can win this time, anyone who comes back alive can find a way to make him an official disciple of Qingyang Sect, even though he is only an outer disciple."

Zhao Hai immediately understood what Le Wen really meant, but he still said in a deep voice: "Sir, do you mean that this time there will be a lot of casualties in the gambling fight?" He had already heard it from Zeng Yang's words. He was able to come back alive despite the very strong smell of blood, which meant that there would be many people who would not be able to come back alive. He was not stupid, he understood what this meant.

Le Wenzhen nodded and said in a deep voice: "In a gambling fight like this, it is very normal for people to die. It is not surprising even if one party dies. There is really nothing surprising, so you should think about it carefully. Well, if you really don't want to participate, then I can tell my master." When Le Wenzhen heard what Zhao Hai said before, he thought Zhao Hai was afraid, and he couldn't help but feel a little annoyed. You know, if Zhao Hai really If he joins the Qingsuo Sect, it will help him even more. He will have a confidant in the Qingyang Sect, but if Zhao Hai is unwilling to go, it means that Zhao Hai is very courageous. Xiao, when he uses Zhao Hai in the future, he will have to be more careful. He may even be unhappy with Zeng Yang because of this incident. By then, he is afraid that he will give up on Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai quickly shook his head and said: "My lord, I misunderstood. I just want to know what the danger is in this matter. Sir, when will we set off?" Of course Zhao Hai will not be afraid anymore. How could he give up this opportunity? Well, he doesn't take Qingyang Sect seriously, but this identity is still very useful.

Le Wenzhen also breathed a sigh of relief, and then said: "You can find out at any time, if there is nothing wrong with you, then we can set off now." Le Wenzhen actually came to pick up Zhao Hai this time, but for So that Zhao Hai wouldn't feel disgusted, he kept pretending to respect Zhao Hai very much.

Now that Zhao Hai has agreed, and he agreed so happily, he naturally won't say anything. He doesn't mind giving Zhao Hai some time. He also knows that Zhao Hai has a group called the Ancient Sword Gang here. He heard that the power was developing well now. He knew that Zhao Hai would not be willing to give up the Ancient Sword Gang and would definitely have some things to explain.

Sure enough, when Zhao Hai heard what Le Wenzhen said, he immediately said: "Sir, I still have some things to explain, please give me some time." Zhao Hai knew very well that now he must give his Lowering his attitude will be more beneficial to his future development.

Le Wenzhen nodded and said: "Go back quickly, I'll wait for you here." Zhao Hai responded, saluted to Le Wenzhen, and then exited the room. Watching Zhao Hai leave, Le Wenzhen said to Wu Yang: "Wu Yang, how has Zhao Ying been doing recently?" Although Le Wenzhen was relieved about Zhao Hai, there were some things he still had to ask. .

Wu Yang immediately said: "Sir, Zhao Ying has performed very well recently, and his ancient sword gang is also developing very well. However, because the weather is getting colder now, they are going to take a good rest for a while. In winter, They won’t go out to collect herbs during the winter, so they are now preparing for winter.”

When Le Wenzhen heard what Wu Yang said, he just nodded, and then said: "Okay, it's okay. If Zhao Ying does well this time, he may become an outer disciple of our Qingyang Sect. , then his status will be different, and he may not have time to take care of things here in Linyuan Town, but the rules here in Linyuan Town cannot be changed, do you understand what I mean?"

Wu Yang immediately said: "Yes, sir, I understand." Of course Wu Yang understood that the rules here cannot be changed, and if Zhao Hai can really join the Qingyang Sect this time, he will be the happiest. They are despicable These people are all counting on Zhao Hai, so of course he is very happy, but he cannot show it.

At this time, Zhao Hai had returned to the Gujian Gang, called Xiao Jiu and the others over, told them about the matter, and then took out two jade slips and gave them to Xiao Jiu and the others. One jade slip was arranged for Xiao Jiu and the others. Nine and others, what should they do in the next period of time, and in winter, and the other jade slip tells them how they should practice in winter, and also tells them what they should do during this period of time. Fang Keming will give them a batch of pills, and Wu Yang will also give them a batch of pills. These two batches of pills are for them to use during winter practice. Even in winter, how should Xiaojiu and the others practice? Practice, he has written it all.

Xiao Jiu and the others also knew how rare Zhao Hai's opportunity was this time, so they all agreed without saying anything else. After Zhao Hai explained to them, he left the Ancient Sword Gang directly. Nine, they said that of the two batches of elixirs, one was obtained from the Hell Gate in exchange for magic weapons, and the other batch of elixirs was obtained for him by Old Liu Tou. He believed that Old Liu Tou The batch of pills given to him should be arriving soon, but he has to go to the Xuantie Mine now. In other words, he may get the pills that Old Liu Tou gave him at the Xuantie Mine. He could only use the teleportation array to give the elixir to Wu Yang, letting Wu Yang and the others keep part of it, and give the rest to Xiao Jiu and the others. This is why Zhao Hai wanted Xiao Jiu and the others to go to Wu Yang to get the elixir. drug reasons.

After leaving the Gujian Gang, Zhao Hai went directly to Ke Laixuan, found Fang Keming, told Fang Keming what he was going to do next, and told Fang Keming that he must report this matter to Hell. You must not arouse the dissatisfaction of Hell Gate. You must make it clear to the people at Hell Gate. They will leave immediately, so there is no time to go to Hell Gate to explain in person, and then directly leave Ke Laixuan.