c7922 frank

Zhao Hai sent Wu Yang away. To be honest, the news Wu Yang brought today was all good news. This is very important to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai now knows why there was someone monitoring Fangshi last time. This time It is very important to him.

And he also knew a way to join Qingyang Sect. Although Qingyang Sect is not a great sect, it is very important for Zhao Hai to join a sect. As long as he has this identity, then he It will be more convenient to move around here in Wanshan Realm in the future.

And now Zhao Hai also knows another thing. In winter, there are many sects here in Wanshan Realm, and they will reduce the number of operations. This is also very important to Zhao Hai and others, so that they can Make good use of this period of time to take a period of rest.

However, Zhao Hai still feels that he should report this matter to the people in Hell Gate and let the people in Hell Gate know his situation. If the people in Hell Gate really want him to join Qingyang Sect, Then maybe they will help. If the people from Hell Gate can really help, then their actions will be easier.

And with the help of Wu Yang and others, he will know more about the Qingyang Sect in the future, which is also very important to him. When he thinks of this, he feels that he really should go to the Hell Gate. But he was not prepared to tell anything about Wu Yang and the others.

Putting on the clothes of the Hell Gate, Zhao Hai came to the Hell Gate once, and then went directly to the Infinite Hell. After entering the main hall and paying homage to King Ping, King Ping looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Ying, what do you have? What's the matter?" King Ping Ping's voice was still so unpleasant, but it could be heard that he was still very concerned about Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai said to King Ping Ping: "Your Highness, this time I came here just to talk about things about Qingyang Sect. Previously, my disciple told Le Wenzhen about the surveillance in Qingyang Zongfang City. Le Wen Zhen also checked this matter, and now it has been found out that there was a problem with Le Wenzhen's men. He told the Wu family about my plan to deal with Wu Ju, and the Wu family wanted to catch someone who showed up, so Report the news directly to Qingyang Sect, and then the people of Qingyang Sect will ambush there." Zhao Hai did not say Wu Yang's role in this matter, he just said that Le Wen really investigated to these things.

King Pingping nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Originally, I was ready to tell you the news, but I didn't expect that Le Wenzhen had already told you the news. Well, then I will tell you something. This matter, your killing of Wu Zhi this time has attracted the attention of an elder in the Qingyang Sect. That elder is Le Wenzhen's master. He is a mortal enemy of the Wu family where Wu Zheng lives. Le Wenzhen The master is very satisfied with your performance. As long as you have the opportunity in the future, you will definitely be able to join the Qingyang Sect. This is definitely a good opportunity for you. So, what task will Le Wenzhen give you next time? You must report it immediately. If the task is difficult, we will help you complete it. We will definitely let Senior Brother Le Wenzhen remember you further. As long as you can join the Qingyang Sect, then all of what we have done before will be not a problem."

Hearing what King Pingping said, Zhao Hai couldn't help but nodded. He really didn't expect that he originally wanted to talk about this matter, but now King Pingping said it, and it seemed that the news they heard was indeed true. It is more detailed than what Zhao Hai heard.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but be surprised. How did Hell Gate find out this information? Could it be said that they also have many people in Qingyang Sect? So what are the identities of those people in Qingyang Sect? Could he also be a servant? If they were also servants, would those servants have joined the abject ones? If that was really the case, would his relationship with the lowly person be exposed?

If that is really the case, then he must tell the story about the lowly person now, so that he can win the trust of King Ping and the Hell Gate. Otherwise, the Hell Gate will probably be on guard against him. When he thought of this, Zhao Hai He immediately made a decision, and he cupped his fists at King Ping Ping and said, "Yes, thank you, Your Highness. Your Highness, I have one more thing to report. I have a meeting with Wu Yang, the shopkeeper of Qingfeng Yangyi Store in Linyuan Town. After a cooperation, my subordinate used some of the skills given to me by Le Wenzhen to win over Wu Yang, and asked Wu Yang to help me win over a group of servants of the Qingyang Sect. Unexpectedly, he was very successful. Those The servants also formed a small alliance called the Despicable Ones, and they elected me as the leader. I think this organization is of some use. Although their status in Qingyang Sect is not high, they are very well-informed. Therefore, I feel that it would be more beneficial for us to keep this organization and have more contact with this organization. Please tell me how to do it, Your Highness."

King Ping Ping glanced at Zhao Hai with some surprise. Zhao Hai had been paying attention to King Ping Ping. Although King Ping Ping was wearing a mask and even his eyes were blocked, when Zhao Hai said about the lowly people, King Ping Ping's body A slight tremor showed that he had known about this matter for a long time, but he was very surprised that Zhao Hai would reveal this matter. Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. It seemed that he really made the right bet this time.

After a while, King Pingping said: "Very good, Ying, you did a good job. You must contact this lowly person. Their role is very huge. If you need anything to win over them, just contact them." We said that we will also provide you with some help."

Zhao Hai responded, and then said to King Ping Ping: "Your Highness, I have one more thing that I would like to ask for help. Once, I mentioned that I have a batch of marked magic weapons in my hand that I want to deal with. I want to ask for help." I want to ask His Highness to arrange for someone to help his subordinates deal with it, and then turn the spirit stones obtained into elixirs. The main thing is to replace them with some elixirs that can improve cultivation. You can exchange them for as many as you can. I am going to use this. During the winter, we will train the people of the Ancient Sword Gang to improve their strength. When the weather gets warmer next year, we will expand them. Is it okay?"

When King Pingping heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but nodded and said: "Okay, this is no problem. Take out the magic weapons you mentioned, I will let people deal with them." Zhao Hai responded, and then he took out After picking up a space bag, a ghost soldier immediately stepped forward and took the space bag away.

After the ghost soldier took away the space bag, King Pingping looked at Zhao Hai again and said: "Ying, do you have anything else to do? If there is nothing else, just step back." Zhao Hai responded, and then directed at Pingping The king saluted, then turned and left. When he exited the hall and returned to Linyuan Town, he couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief.

Then Zhao Hai immediately thought of another problem. Du Xuan has not been under control yet. He must take action now. Otherwise, no matter what he does in Linyuan Town in the future, everyone from Hell Gate will know it. You know, that would be very dangerous.

This time when he met King Ping Ping, what Zhao Hai felt the most was actually the intelligence capabilities of Hell Gate. Wu Yang and the others were from the Qingyang Sect, so there was no problem if they could collect some intelligence about the Qingyang Sect. , and the people at Hell Gate were able to collect so much information in such a short period of time, which surprised him.

The most important thing is that the people at Hell Gate even know about the lowly people. He suddenly discovered that the lowly people in the organization are not that reliable. They can follow him for some skills. Similarly, Others can also use these things to bribe them. Judging from their desire for skills, magic weapons or some elixirs, they will definitely not mind betraying him. Thinking of this, Zhao Hai's face couldn't help but Somewhat ugly.

In the future, he would rarely encounter betrayal in the Blood Killing Sect, because no one would think about leaving the Blood Killing Sect after joining the Blood Killing Sect, let alone be betrayed by people from other sects. Because people from other sects cannot afford them the corresponding price, but the people here in Wanshan Realm are not from the Blood Killing Sect, and this lowly person is not a disciple of the Blood Killing Sect. They can be bribed easily. , which gave Zhao Hai a very headache.

After thinking about it, Zhao Hai finally decided that he should keep this lowly organization, because this organization can still be used. When he joins the Qingyang Sect, he will decide how to deal with them. As for Du Xuan, he must be dealt with, otherwise, it would be too dangerous.

Thinking of this, the sky gradually darkened. Zhao Hai went to the cafeteria to eat some food as usual, then returned to his room, sat there and waited quietly. After the sky completely darkened, Zhao Hai moved and headed directly towards Yunlai Inn. Because it was dark, he didn't see him. He arrived at Yunlai Inn smoothly and sneaked directly into the inn. In the back, the room where Du Xuan lives.

By the time Zhao Hai sneaked into Du Xuan's room, Du Xuan had already rested. He was no longer old and looked about the same age as Fang Keming. Zhao Hai stood beside Du Xuan's bed and looked at Du Xuan quietly. , and then waved his hand to separate the room with a barrier. As soon as he waved his hand, Du Xuan woke up immediately, and then suddenly jumped up, staring at Zhao. ocean.

Zhao Hai looked at Du Xuan, suddenly smiled and said: "Don't be so nervous, I think you should know who I am, right? I came to you today because I have something to discuss with you. I don't know if you can Promise." As he said this, Zhao Hai exited Du Xuan's bedroom. Du Xuan watched Zhao Hai retreat. He immediately put on his clothes and followed Zhao Hai to the living room.

Zhao Hai was not polite when he arrived in the living room and sat down on the chair directly. He turned to look at Du Xuan. Du Xuan looked at Zhao Hai without saying a word, as if waiting for Zhao Hai to speak. Zhao Hai glanced at him. He smiled slightly and said: "Shopkeeper Du, please take a seat. I really don't have any ill intentions when I come here this time. And speaking of it, your status seems to be not as high as mine, right? Should you bow when you see me?"