c7927 distribute

Zhang Yiwu felt a headache when he looked at the people on the training ground. He also knew very well that it was impossible to make all these people listen to him in a short period of time. It was absolutely impossible. He didn't have that ability. He doesn't have the prestige to make these people listen to him in a short period of time.

His strength may not be able to defeat these people. If he messes around, these people may fall out with them on the spot, because everyone is a peripheral disciple, and no one's status is higher than others. In this situation Come on, if you want to convince others at once, it is absolutely impossible.

Moreover, they don’t know each other. Maybe no one has heard of Zhang Yiwu’s name before this operation. In this case, it is almost impossible for him to want everyone to listen to him, but This time they have to fight the enemy. If these people don't listen to him, how can he command these people to fight the enemy?

Thinking of this, Zhang Yiwu got even more headache. He glanced at those people, and finally his eyes fell on Zhao Hai. However, he didn't say anything. He just glanced at Zhao Hai, then turned to everyone and said: "Everyone, I think you all know me. My name is Zhang Yiwu. I am the commander of this operation. I hope you can support me and complete this mission, because this mission is not done for me, but for everyone. , if you perform well, there will be no benefit to me, and if you perform poorly, I will not suffer any harm. On the contrary, if you perform well, we will win, and we will really become the outsiders of Qingyang Sect. Disciples, all the benefits are yours, and you won’t give me any more, so I hope everyone can work hard with me to complete this mission successfully."

I have to say that Zhang Yiwu is actually quite good, and his words are very reasonable. Because everyone performs well, he will not get too many benefits. The benefits belong to everyone, so everyone agrees. After hearing what he said, everyone became more energetic.

When Zhang Yiwu saw that everyone was serious, he couldn't help but feel a little proud. He looked at Zhao Hai again and found that Zhao Hai had been listening to him seriously. He couldn't help but feel even more proud, and thought to himself: "The person named by the elder is nothing more than So." Although he thought so, he did not say it out loud. Instead, he looked at everyone and said, "Before doing this mission, I also collected some information about this place. This is a black iron vein. It has always been under the control of Elder Zeng Yang of our Qingyang Sect. There are more than 1,300 miners and 50 disciples stationed here. However, just a month ago, people came to harass us from time to time. At first, those who were guarding here did not pay attention, thinking that it was the work of random cultivators who didn't know where they came from. But later they discovered that something was wrong. Those people were very powerful, and the techniques they used were all from the Qianyuan Sect. This skill attracted their attention, and they immediately reported the matter to Elder Zeng. Elder Zeng had someone check it out, and then they realized that there was actually a mineral vein not far from this mineral vein. , but that vein was not a black iron vein, but a refined iron vein, and that vein was controlled by an elder of the Qianyuan Sect. When the elder discovered that there was a black iron vein, he started In order to occupy it, I sent my disciples to come here to harass us."

At this Zhang Yiwu paused for a moment, and then said: "After Elder Zeng knew who the other party was, he naturally would not let him go, but they did not use force directly. Elder Zeng directly sent a letter to the other party, and the two After a while, we finally agreed to the bet. We will guard here, and the other party will send a hundred people to attack. If the other party wins, this black iron vein will belong to them. If the other party loses, Then the other party will lose a black iron vein to Elder Zeng, and we are the chosen ones, and I am the chosen one, the commander of this operation."

In fact, everyone knows about these things, but not as detailed as Zhang Yiwu. But now that Zhang Yiwu said this, no one jumped out to oppose him, but let him speak. Then Zhang Yiwu looked at everyone and said: "This black iron ore vein is more than a thousand miles long. It is in this mountain. There are a total of one hundred and thirty-seven mines in this mountain. The mountain is even more densely covered with mine tunnels, like a spider web. But I am here now. There is a distribution map of the mine tunnels, you can copy it later." As he spoke, he took out a jade slip.

This made everyone even more surprised. He didn't expect that Zhang Yiwu could actually get the distribution map of the mine tunnels. This really surprised them, but everyone still didn't say anything. After all, they also knew each other. They were not familiar with each other, and Zhang Yiwu didn't say anything excessive, so there was no need for anyone to speak out.

Zhang Yiwu took the distribution map, glanced at everyone, and then said: "I don't know how the enemy attacks. Let me talk about our defense methods. We have two defense methods. One is to defend the manor here and fight with the enemy. In a head-to-head fight, in this manor, it can be said that which side wins and which side loses is clear at a glance, but if we do this, we are afraid that there will be a lot of casualties, so to be honest, I really don’t want to use this method. .”

Everyone else also nodded. They didn't want to use this method to defend here in the manor. Then they could only fight head-on with the enemy. When the time comes, it would be up to them to see who could hold on. Which side would have more people dead? The one who resists for a long time will naturally win. Otherwise, he will lose. It is as simple as that. But if they do this, the casualties will definitely be very huge, because they have given up one of their biggest advantages, which is Convenient location.

When Zhang Yiwu took out the map, everyone understood that they had taken advantage of the geographical location. If they didn't make full use of this advantage, they would be really fools, so everyone was listening. After accepting Zhang Yiwu's first suggestion, no one said anything, but everyone looked at Zhang Yiwu.

Zhang Yiwu then said: "The second method is that we make good use of the mines here and introduce the enemies into the mines, and then use our advantage of being more familiar with the terrain to take care of all those guys. , I wonder what you think of this method?”

No one said anything, but everyone's eyes lit up. Looking at everyone's appearance, Zhang Yiwu couldn't help but feel even happier. He glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "It's up to everyone to decide now. If everyone feels If the first method is better, then please raise your hand.”

As he expected, no one raised their hands, not a single one. They ignored the advantageous location and fought head-on with the enemy. Only an idiot would do this, so no one spoke and everyone looked at Zhang Yiwu. Zhang Yiwu glanced at everyone and felt even more satisfied. He then said: "Those who agree to use the second method, please raise your hands." This time everyone raised their hands.

Zhang Yiwu nodded and said in a deep voice: "It seems that everyone agrees to use the second method, so there is nothing more to say. Let's use the second method. Come on, everyone come to my place now and take the mine tunnel. Copy the map, and then I will divide the areas for everyone, and also confirm everyone’s contact information.”

Everyone agreed this time, and then gathered around and copied the map in Zhang Yiwu's hand one by one. Zhao Hai also copied the map in Zhang Yiwu's hand like everyone else, and then followed the crowd to the side. Zhang Yiwu waited for everyone to retreat, and then he said: "After everyone goes back, take a look at the map. I have marked some team areas on the map, and there are numbers on them. Everyone remembers those areas. location, and contact information. In the mine, it would be too embarrassing if we had to shout to communicate. Fortunately, before I came this time, the higher-ups knew that our mission this time was very important. So we were given a hundred communication arrays, please come and get them from me."

When everyone heard what Zhang Yiwu said, they were stunned. They really didn't expect that Zhang Yiwu would have a hundred communication arrays in his hands. This was really rare, but what Zhang Yiwu did was also This caused some dissatisfaction among everyone, because Zhang Yiwu should have given the magic circle to them when they copied the map before, but now he had to go through the trouble again.

However, Zhao Hai understands what Zhang Yiwu means. Zhang Yiwu is establishing authority. He wants everyone to remember that he is the commander of this operation and everyone must listen to him. His method uses Although he is not very good, he still has a certain effect. Now everyone has recognized him as a commander.

Zhao Hai once followed everyone to receive the communication array. This communication array was not a transmission array, but a direct communication array using voice. However, it was like a walkie-talkie. As long as you held the walkie-talkie with the same frequency , then when one person speaks, everyone else can hear it. Zhang Yiwu also asked everyone to try these communication formations to ensure that each formation is usable.

After trying the communication array, Zhang Yiwu began to allocate positions. He divided the mine tunnels on the map into a hundred areas, and assigned one person to each area for defense. If there is any situation, everyone can contact each other and support each other. After all, it is impossible for the enemy to be divided into 100 points and then agree to attack from 100 areas. That is impossible, so mutual contact is very necessary. If the enemy comes in from a hole and defends the people in that area, don't attack them. Those enemies attack, but monitor them, and then notify others, so that everyone can act together to eliminate them.

Everyone has no objections to Zhang Yiwu's distribution method. After all, you can't know where the enemy will come from, so this distribution is fair to everyone. However, Zhao Hai is very clear, like In fact, there are still many dirty tricks that can be used in this allocation method. He really wanted to see where the places Zhang Yiwu had allocated to everyone were. As the areas were allocated one by one, it soon became Zhao Hai's turn. , but the area assigned by Zhang Yiwu to Zhao Hai is deep in the mine. The area is not very big. At first glance, it seems to be a relatively safe area. This has attracted people around to go to Zhao Hai from time to time. Hai took a quick look at him and wondered what his relationship was with Zhang Yiwu and why Zhang Yiwu took such good care of him.