c7921 despicable person

Wu Yang saw Zhao Hai nodding, and then he continued: "Now our organization has a name, called the humble ones. We are all servants, small people, and nothing." A person who was in his early days, so he simply named him like this. There is a leader in our organization, and that is you. We have already discussed it, and we will do our best to help you and make you stronger. You can Join Qingyang Sect and get a higher status in Qingyang Sect. I only hope that you can still remember us people by then. I also hope you know that although we are not strong, we should not underestimate it. Our ability. In fact, in these years, we in Qingyang Sect have learned many secrets of Qingyang Sect, including many secrets that no one in Qingyang Sect knows. And these things, for you, But it’s very useful.”

Zhao Hai looked at Wu Yang, then nodded, and then said: "I believe you, if you can really let me gain a foothold in Qingyang Sect, I will definitely help you with all my strength. You can rest assured." Of course Zhao Hai will help Wu Yang and the others. For him, Wu Yang and the others still have great potential, and there is absolutely no problem in becoming a master in the future.

In the Blood Killing Sect, I never believe that there are people who cannot be cultivated. There is a very obvious saying in the Blood Killing Sect, that is, there is no person who cannot be cultivated, but you do not use the right method. Blood Killing The sect did indeed do this. Although there are still some believers in the Blood Killing Sect, those believers are not actually true believers. They are also practicing, and they are practicing the skills that are most suitable for them. As long as their strength reaches a certain level, they can become disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, so they are not true believers.

When Wu Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he also nodded. Just as he was about to continue, Zhao Hai stood up. He looked at Wu Yang and said in a deep voice: "Brother Wu Yang, in order to show my sincerity, I I swear my inner demon oath here. If I, Zhao Hai, really succeed in the Qingyang Sect in the future, I will never forget the trust that all the brothers in the Humble Ones have placed in me today. If I violate this oath, my heart will be broken. Devil hair makes you die."

When Wu Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he was immediately moved. Not everyone dares to take the oath of inner demons. Any monk will have inner demons. The stronger the strength, the stronger the inner demons will be, so No matter how powerful you are, you don't dare to swear the inner demons easily, because if you really violate your oath, you may really be troubled by the inner demons.

After Zhao Hai swore, Wu Yang stood up immediately. He grabbed Zhao Hai and said to Zhao Hai excitedly: "No need to swear, no need to swear, we can trust you, Junior Brother Zhao, from now on we will What will happen to the humble people, it all depends on you, no, I can no longer call you Junior Brother Zhao, I have to call you lord, from today on, you are the lord of all us humble people."

Zhao Hai quickly said: "Brother Wu, you are too polite. Let's talk about the matter. It seems that Brother Wu still has something to say before?" Zhao Hai did not refuse Wu Yang to call him "sir", because sometimes, if you refuse to let If a person follows you, the other person may interpret him as looking down on him. This is definitely not what Zhao Hai wants to see, so that's why.

Wu Yang nodded, and then said: "Yes, sir, there is one more thing. This matter was sent by Master Le. He said that he had found out what happened in Fangshi last time. Last time in Fangshi The reason why there was surveillance there was indeed because someone reported to the sect that someone might be harmful to Mr. Wu. The sect then sent people to Fangshi to conduct a secret investigation, but they did not expect that Wu Ju was still killed. I heard that the sect attaches great importance to this matter. However, because the master had an alibi at the time, no one doubted Master Le. However, Master Le also said that this matter is related to his enemy. Let us not have any doubts recently. Be careful in any action you take."

Zhao Hai nodded, and Wu Yang continued: "Sir, we have news here. Master Le now has an enemy. He is also a relatively famous figure among the outer disciples of the Qingyang Sect, nicknamed the Ghost Operator. , named Wu Zhengqing, this person is very good at calculations. Although his strength is not as good as the master, he became famous earlier than the master, and there are more people around him than the master Le. It is precisely because of this, Therefore, Lord Le was always at a disadvantage in the fight with him, because Lord Le had no one in his hands, and that Wu Ju was Wu Zhengqing's clan brother and Wu Zhengqing's right-hand man, so Lord Le wanted to get rid of Wu this time. It was reported that Wu Zhengqing's arm was broken."

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "But how did it get out that Master Le wanted to deal with Wu Zhi? Has Master Le investigated it?" Zhao Hai is most concerned about this matter. Wu Zhengqing can know in advance that Le Wen is really going to To deal with Wu Ju, they must arrange someone around Le Wenzhen. If they don't find this person, they will still be in danger.

Wu Yang nodded and said: "After checking, Lord Le promoted a few people among the lower-level disciples because he had no one in his hands. He wanted to train those people and make those people his subordinates, but But he didn't expect that although some of those people had become stronger, they were bribed. This time, the news was passed to Wu Zhengqing by that person. Master Le has now dealt with that person, and that person has also I don't know about your existence, sir, so you don't have to worry about this matter." Wu Yang knew what Zhao Hai was worried about now, so he said this.

Zhao Hai said: "Then what is Wu Zhengqing's reaction now? By the way, what is the relationship between the Wu Yiqing who was at Feng Liuzhen before and this Wu Zhengqing?" Zhao Hai thought of the Wu Yiqing who died in his hands. , that was the first task he helped Le Wenzhen complete.

Wu Yang said in a deep voice: "That Wu Yiqing is also from the Wu family. The Wu family is a newly rising family in the Qingyang Sect. Although there are not many people in the family, there are also quite a few. However, the Wu family is currently the strongest. The man is Wu Zhengqing's father. He is an elder in the Qingyang Sect, but Master Le will not be afraid of him. Although he is an elder, he can't control Master Le, and Wu Ju, Wu Yiqing and the others , in fact, it was all arranged by the Wu family, because they are a newly emerging family, the family has insufficient foundation, and there are many things that they can only do by themselves, so that is why it is like this."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "In other words, we have now become a secret chess piece in Master Le's hands. Fortunately, we have not been discovered by the Wu family. Otherwise, I am afraid it would be really dangerous. Master Le is What do you mean? Then Wu Ju is a very important figure in the Wu family. Now that he is dead, even if the Wu family has no evidence, it can be definitely done by Master Le. How is Master Le going to deal with it?" Zhao Hai is now the only one with the Qingyang Sect. The only connection he has with Le Wenzhen is Le Wenzhen. If something happens to Le Wen, the consequences will be really troublesome. Then he will be completely cut off from the Qingyang Sect. By that time, don’t say that he joined the Qingyang Sect. Yangzong, it's hard to say whether Wu Yang and the others will follow him.

Although Zhao Hai is now a peripheral disciple of the Qingyang Sect, not many people in the Qingyang Sect know about him. Even if something happens to Le Wen, it will be a matter of whether the Qingyang Sect recognizes his identity or not. A question, so Zhao Hai definitely doesn’t want anything to happen to Le Wen now.

Wu Yang said in a deep voice: "Of course the Wu family will deal with Mr. Le, but Mr. Le is not without foundation in the sect. In fact, Mr. Le has become a disciple of an elder of the sect before. , is the outer disciple of that elder, but because he was very strong before, he was not very close to that elder, but now that Master Le is so strong, the connection between him and that elder is It was established again, and the elder and the Wu family are enemies. This is why Master Le has enmity with the Wu family. By the way, sir, that elder is the elder Zeng Yangzeng in the sect, and you, sir The identity of a peripheral disciple is what Elder Zeng gave you. As Elder Zeng, he can give you the identity of a peripheral disciple, so even if the Wu family wants to check your identity, it is impossible for them to find out."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "This is the best, but now I am helping Le Wenzhen with these things, but it is still unlikely that I will join the Qingyang Sect. Le Wen is really afraid that he will not give up such a useful person like me. Is that someone?" Zhao Hai knew very well that the better he performed, the less Le Wenzhen would give up on him easily, because a useful person like him is very important to Le Wenzhen Yes, how could Le Wenzhen let his knife be so good and not use it?

Wu Yang said in a deep voice: "It is like this under normal circumstances, but now things have actually turned around. Elder Zeng Yang has already known your existence through this incident. He is concerned about your performance this time. I am very satisfied. In other words, my lord, you are not only a subordinate of Lord Le, but also have come under the eyes of Elder Zeng Yang. This is a very rare opportunity. As long as Elder Zeng Yang can remember your name, Sir, Then your opportunity will come, sir. If there is a chance to perform in the future, Elder Zeng Yang will definitely think of you again. By then, it will be possible for you to directly enter Qingyang Sect through Elder Zeng Yang's path. "

When Zhao Hai heard what Wu Yang said, he was stunned, and then he said in a deep voice: "If this is really the case, then it is naturally the best, but you also know that Mr. Le just gave us an order to keep us in the nearest Don't move around to avoid attracting the Wu family's attention, then won't we have no chance to show off?"

Wu Yang said in a deep voice: "Sir, it can be said that Master Le has no one in his hands now. He is not at all worried about the few people he accepted in the sect before, so he will still use you if something happens in the future. Yes, sir, Elder Zeng Yang cannot forget you in the blink of an eye. I am sure that within ten years at least, as long as you make any great achievements, Elder Zeng Yang will let you join the Qingyang Sect. And now we must also lurk, because winter is coming soon, winter is the season of hibernation, and most people will not take any action in winter, so adults don’t need to worry."