c7938 arrange

Zhao Hai had already returned to Linyuan Town at this time. He directly called Xiao Jiu and the others into the room. After Xiao Jiu and the others arrived, Zhao Hai said to Xiao Jiu and the others: "This time I have already passed the test of Qingyang Sect. Passed. If nothing goes wrong, I will join the Qingyang Sect and become a disciple of the Qingyang Sect. But you can rest assured that just because I join the Qingyang Sect, it does not mean that I will not care about you. I will still take care of you. Yours, the Ancient Sword Gang is my root after all."

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said about him, they were all happy for Zhao Hai, but at the same time they were also a little disappointed. Zhao Hai had become a disciple of Qingyang Sect, but they were still casual cultivators, although Zhao Hai said that he would still take care of him in the future. They, but they really couldn't believe it, so everyone remained silent.

Zhao Hai looked at their looks and smiled slightly: "Okay, even if I join Qingyang Sect, I am just a peripheral disciple of Qingyang Sect. It doesn't count. Let me talk about one other thing. The next development of the Gujian Gang, the next development of the Gujian Gang, I have already set a goal before, which is to expand. You just need to follow it. If you need anything, you can contact me directly. After we go to Yang Zong, we will find a way to get you a portable teleportation array to facilitate the communication between us. Winter is coming soon. You should not take any action this winter. Focus on practicing and improving yourself. Your strength is the most important thing.”

Xiao Jiu and the others all responded. Zhao Hai glanced at them, and then said: "When I'm not here, if something happens, Xiao Jiu will be the one to take charge, Duandao, Feihua, Di Ting, you three will help." With Xiaojiu, let's manage our Ancient Sword Gang well together. Even if I become a disciple of Qingyang Sect, I can't do without your help. I will help you in turn, so that the Ancient Sword Gang will become stronger and stronger. And my status in Qingyang Sect will become higher and higher."

Xiaojiu and the others all nodded. Zhao Hai looked at them and said in a deep voice: "I have never forgotten our original intention. We are to establish a sect, so after I arrive at Qingyang Sect, I will I will try to get some techniques for you, and you must practice hard."

Several people all responded. Zhao Hai looked at them and said solemnly: "Let's work hard together. Our Ancient Sword Gang will definitely become very powerful. It will definitely happen." Everyone responded at once. , Zhao Hai then said in a deep voice: "I only have three days to come back this time. I still have to go to meet the people from Hell Gate, and Wu Yang. I also have to go to see him. In three days After that, I will officially join the Qingyang Sect."

Xiaojiu looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Brother, don't worry, we will definitely look after our home. We will practice hard this winter. When the weather gets warmer next year, we will start to expand immediately. Brother, don't worry." Xiao Jiu very clear that this is indeed an opportunity for them. Zhao Hai joining Qingyang Sect is definitely a good thing for them. If Zhao Hai can really join Qingyang Sect, it will be a good thing for them. It would be great if I could get some training techniques there.

The others all nodded, with determination on their faces. They believed that with the support of a sect disciple, their Ancient Sword Gang would definitely become stronger and stronger. Zhao Hai also knew what they were thinking, and he was actually very happy. Yes, their performance is what Zhao Hai wants to see.

In fact, even if Zhao Hai does not have the status of a disciple of the Qingyang Sect, it will not affect the development of the Ancient Sword Gang. With this status, it will be more convenient. With the support of the Blood Killing Sect, Zhao Hai can really If he didn’t believe it, the Gujian Gang wouldn’t be able to develop, but he couldn’t tell Xiaojiu and the others these words.

Then Zhao Hai explained in detail to Xiao Jiu and the others what they were going to practice in the winter. He even took Xiao Jiu and the others to the edge of the endless abyss and showed Xiao Jiu and the others what they were going to do in the winter. place for practice, and at the same time tell them how to use that place for practice.

It took Zhao Hai more than a day to explain all these things. After he finished explaining all these things, he went to Fang Keming's place and called Fang Keming and Du Xuan over. When the three of them entered Fang Keming's room, Zhao Hai then said to the two of them: "I have passed the test of Qingyang Sect. In two days, I can join Qingyang Sect and become an outer disciple of Qingyang Sect. What do you think about this matter?" look?"

Fang Keming's eyes lit up, and he said in a deep voice: "Sir, this is a good thing. After you become an official disciple of Qingyang Sect, your status in the Hell Gate will definitely be higher. In turn, you can also use Hell Some of the manpower in the sect will help you gain a foothold in Qingyang Sect, which is definitely a good thing for you."

Du Xuan also seemed very excited at this time. He was still a little worried about Zhao Hai subduing him, but now he has no such thoughts at all. Zhao Hai becoming a disciple of Qingyang Sect is definitely beneficial to them. Of course, he was very happy, and he immediately said: "Sir, you have become a disciple of Qingyang Sect, which is definitely a good thing for us, but at the same time, I think you can't give up here in the Gujian Gang. , with a force like the Ancient Sword Gang in hand, it will be very convenient for you to do many things in the future, so Sir, you must not let go of the Ancient Sword Gang."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Of course, I will never let go of the Ancient Sword Gang, and I will not let go of the despicable people either. After I joined the Qingyang Sect, the despicable people treated me The help will be greater, and I will also give you some support. I hope you can find some people from inside Hell Gate to form an intelligence network for me. What do you think?"

Du Xuan was stunned for a moment, and then he suddenly realized: "Sir, are you worried that there will be problems at the Hell Gate?" I have to say that Du Xuan is actually very smart. Zhao Hai just said to let them establish their own intelligence network, he He immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant, and his reaction was much faster than Fang Keming's.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, Hell Gate is still cooperating very well with me now. They still regard me as one of their own, and they also think that it is a good thing for me to join the Qingyang Sect, but what will happen in the future? , then I really don’t know, and now I want to know some external situations. There are only two intelligences. One is the humble ones. There is no problem for them to collect internal intelligence of Qingyang Sect, but for the collection of external intelligence They were just a little bit behind, and the other source of intelligence was Hell Gate. But if I have any conflicts with the people from Hell Gate in the future, do you think the people from Hell Gate will still provide me with information? So, I must have my own source of intelligence now."

Fang Keming said solemnly: "This is actually not very difficult. We can do it in secret. In fact, a lot of the information in Hell Gate was passed on by people like us. And we, in Hell Gate, And it’s not taken very seriously, so if you want to build your own intelligence, there’s absolutely no problem.”

Du Xuan also nodded and said: "Yes, although the people in Hell Gate are also afraid that we people will form a group, and everyone artificially divides us people into two groups, but in fact, we people at the bottom have never been Treat the other party as an enemy, so as long as you operate well and establish your own intelligence network, there will be absolutely no problem."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "You can give them the training methods I gave you. If there is anything you can't handle, you can tell me and I will help you handle it. I only want this The intelligence network is established, is there no problem?"

Du and Fang said in unison: "There is no problem, please rest assured." They were really confident. In fact, they, the people at the bottom of Hell Gate, were already a little dissatisfied with some of the higher-ups in Hell Gate. , they are too ignored, and a lot of Hell Gate's development funds and information are all provided by them, and what they pay is not proportional to what they get, so they also have a lot of complaints about Hell Gate.

Zhao Hai still has great faith in the two of them, but he does not entirely rely on the intelligence system established by the two to collect intelligence for him. In fact, the intelligence system of the two is just a fool. He really uses it to collect intelligence. Those are the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, they are his true confidants.

But if someone checks his situation in the future, the most they can do is check Du and Fang. There will be no way to check him in the future. At the same time, this will also make those who want to check him believe that all his information is It was provided by Du and Fang, and will not be investigated further. This way, those in the Blood Killing Sect will be safer.

After discussing the establishment of an intelligence system with the two of them, Zhao Hai had only one requirement for the two of them, and that was to keep it secret. They must keep it secret. They must not let others know that they have joined forces. They would rather have fewer people than absolutely We can't let those people betray them.

After discussing with them, Zhao Hai left directly. He had to find someone. This person was none other than Wu Yang. Wu Yang was very important for his future development in Qingyang Sect, and He believed that Wu Yang and the others would also be happy for him.

When Zhao Hai found Wu Yang, Wu Yang was waiting for Zhao Hai. As soon as he saw Zhao Hai coming, he immediately welcomed Zhao Hai into the room. As soon as the two entered the room, Wu Yang plopped down. He knelt down and kowtowed to Zhao Hai: "Congratulations, sir, you have finally become an official disciple of Qingyang Sect." At the end of the sentence, he broke down in tears.

Zhao Hai was stunned by him, and then he immediately helped him up and said: "Okay, get up quickly, look at you, you seem to be happier than me." Zhao Hai said to Wu Yang His performance was really funny. He joined Qingyang Sect, but made Wu Yang cry. What the hell is going on.

Wu Yang was helped up by Zhao Hai, but he still said to Zhao Hai with tears on his face: "Sir, I am really so happy, so happy, we people finally have hope, there is hope, really It's great, great." He was so excited that he couldn't even speak clearly, and tears kept flowing down.