c7939 Task

Zhao Hai looked at his excited look and sighed softly. He knew what Wu Yang was thinking. Wu Yang and others were in the same situation as Fang Keming and others in Hell Gate. Fang Keming and others were not allowed to be killed in Hell Gate. Attention, Wu Yang and the others are the same. Otherwise, Wu Yang would not have been able to establish this organization called the Humble Ones in such a short period of time.

Zhao Hai patted Wu Yang's shoulder a few more times, and then said: "Okay, don't cry. This time I came to you just for this matter. I want to join the Qingyang Sect. Wait until I join the Qingyang Sect." After Yangzong is established, your use will be even greater, and of course, the benefits will be yours, so you don’t have to worry about anything.”

Wu Yang nodded and said: "Yes, sir, I understand, we will not mess around, we will not." Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Okay, as long as we don't mess around, you guys You must hide in the dark and don’t let anyone know that your organization exists. Of course, if you succeed in your cultivation, you might become disciples of the Qingyang Sect. By then, I hope we can still be as good as we are now. so."

Wu Yang nodded vigorously and said: "I will definitely do it, I will definitely do it, please rest assured." He actually didn't have much confidence that his cultivation could reach the point of becoming a true disciple of Qingyang Sect. In fact, It is more difficult for people like them to become formal disciples of Qingyang Sect than for casual cultivators like Zhao Hai to become formal disciples of Qingyang Sect. The monks in Qingyang Sect can accept a casual cultivator who is similar in strength to them. It is indeed very difficult to become a disciple of the Qingyang Sect, but for them to accept a servant who has the same status as them and is on an equal footing with them.

Zhao Hai looked at Wu Yang and said in a deep voice: "Wu Yang, in the future, as long as some of you have the strength to become a formal disciple of Qingyang Sect, and become a formal disciple of Qingyang Sect, you can become My allies, those of us who survived this operation have also formed an alliance so that we can take care of each other after joining the Qingyang Sect. If any of you can really become a formal disciple of the Qingyang Sect, you That is to say, those of us in this alliance, if we work together, I don’t believe that we can’t make it in the Qingyang Sect, but before we reach the level of strength and become the official disciples of the Qingyang Sect, You people must never be exposed, let alone let anyone know that you are in the same alliance, do you understand?"

Wu Yang had completely calmed down at this time. He was very clear about what Zhao Hai meant. He immediately said: "Yes, sir, don't worry. We understand that we will continue to train other people so that The organization of the Lowly Becomes more powerful, and only if more people in this organization join the Qingyang Sect, will our organization become more powerful."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, very good, that's what I mean. You help us, and we will help you in turn. Only in this way will our strength become stronger and stronger." Zhao Hai knew very well. , the best way to cooperate is a win-win situation. If when you cooperate, only you benefit, but the people you cooperate with do not benefit, then no one will be willing to cooperate with you, so a win-win situation is very important.

Wu Yang also nodded vigorously. He really saw hope this time. He believed that with Zhao Hai's help, their lives would get better and better. The most important thing is that among these people, they really Some people have hope of becoming a formal disciple of Qingyang Sect. Although this is very difficult, there is still hope.

Zhao Hai then said: "After I join the Qingyang Sect, we will still keep in touch. I will give you a new portable teleportation array to facilitate our contact. After I leave, you must remember, I will help Xiaojiu and the others. After I join the Qingyang Sect, I will never give up the Ancient Sword Gang. You must help Xiaojiu and the others to develop the Ancient Sword Gang. The stronger the Ancient Sword Gang becomes, the more important it will be for them. The more beneficial it is to me, do you understand?”

Wu Yang nodded and said: "Yes, sir, I understand. Please rest assured, sir." He knew very well that Zhao Hai's approach was the best, because after joining the Qingyang Sect, he , there is a force of its own outside, regardless of whether this force is strong or weak, as long as this force can be completely loyal to Zhao Hai, as long as Zhao Hai supports it in the future, this force will develop, and such a force, For monks, it is very important.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Okay, as long as you understand, you can start collecting information about Qingyang Sect now. Pay attention, the focus is on Zhang Yiwu. Now Zhang Yiwu is dead, but I want to know, Who is standing behind Zhang Yiwu? It would be best to know whether that person has become suspicious of Zhang Yiwu's death."

Zhao Hai is not afraid that Wu Yang will betray him, because there is no benefit for Wu Yang to betray him, and it is actually very easy for people like Wu Yang and others in the Qingyang Sect to collect intelligence, so Zhao Hai Giving this information to them to collect can also show how much he values ​​Wu Yang and the others. I believe Wu Yang and the others will be even more moved.

When Wu Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned at first, and then his expression changed. He said solemnly: "Sir, I still know something about Zhang Yiwu. What you mean is that you killed Zhang Yiwu." "?" Wu Yang is not an idiot. As soon as Zhao Hai said this, he immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant.

Zhao Hai didn't mean to hide it from him, so he nodded and said to Wu Yang: "Yes, that's what I mean. Some accidents happened during this operation. You should know it when you check the intelligence." , we were plotted by the people of the Qianyuan Sect, and we lost a lot of people first. At this time, we need Zhang Yiwu to stand up and lead everyone through this difficulty. However, we did not expect that Zhang Yiwu did nothing. , I had no choice but to stand up, but he was causing trouble behind the scenes, and in the end he even directly seized power. In that case, if we had civil strife, we would be seeking death. There was no other way, I could only unite The others killed Zhang Yiwu together, and everyone took action. Finally, we threw Zhang Yiwu in front of the people of the Qianyuan Sect, detonated the explosive talisman placed on him, and gave it to the people of the Qianyuan Sect. While causing huge casualties, it also left Zhang Yiwu with no bones left. Originally, everyone was involved in this matter, so there should be no problem, but I must know, what is Zhang Yiwu's status with his master, if he The master is very fond of Zhang Yiwu and thinks that if there is any problem with Zhang Yiwu's death, there may be some trouble, so you must keep an eye on this matter."

Wu Yang said quickly: "Yes, sir, I understand. Please rest assured. I will definitely send someone to check the news about Zhang Yiwu as soon as possible. Please rest assured." Wu Yang only believed half of Zhao Hai's words, but What does that matter? They have nothing to do with Zhang Yiwu, but Zhao Hai is one of their own, so of course they will help Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, that's good. You can go check this matter. I have to go back and prepare. They also asked me to hand in the report of this battle. I have to communicate with other people." Contact someone, we all must have the same voice, otherwise, there will be problems." After that, he turned and left. Wu Yang didn't say anything, he saluted Zhao Hai and watched Zhao Hai leave.

After Zhao Hai left, Wu Yang immediately went to spread the news. Zhao Hai hadn't reported to Qingyang Sect yet. He didn't want anything to go wrong when Zhao Hai went to Qingyang Sect to report, so he had to The matter of Zhang Yiwu must be investigated clearly. This is not only related to Zhao Hai, but also to all of them.

After Zhao Hai returned to his residence, he first contacted Lin Cang and others and unified their opinions. Especially on the matter of Zhang Yiwu, they all must say the same thing, otherwise they will arouse people's suspicion. , it will only be more troublesome by then.

Others also agreed to do this. They didn't want anyone to know about Zhang Yiwu. After all, everyone was involved. If it was really investigated, all of them would not end well. Don't think that there are many people. Qingyang Sect There will be no punishment. Although Qingyang Sect is only a medium-sized sect, there are hundreds of thousands of disciples. Dealing with dozens of people will not cause any reaction. Therefore, they must deal with Zhang Yiwu's death. Just a unified approach.

After handling this matter, Zhao Hai breathed a sigh of relief. The next step was to wait to go to Qingyang Sect, but before that, he had to do one thing, which was to make a gift for those children. In the training plan, the talents of those children are very good. With Zhao Hai teaching according to their aptitude, their training speed is very fast and their foundation is very solid, so the training of those children must not be interrupted. , in the future, the strength of these children will definitely exceed that of their parents, and it may even take less than a few years for these children to be stronger than their parents.

These children are the people that Zhao Hai pays most attention to. These children will definitely join the Blood Killing Sect in the future. As for whether their parents will join the Blood Killing Sect, that is not certain, so these children must be Let's take care of the matter and then talk about other things.

Finally, Zhao Hai needs to contact Old Liu Tou and tell him about the changes here. At the same time, he also needs to ask about the situation in Lanka. If there is any problem in Lanka, he doesn't mind taking care of it. Looking at the Gongsun family, he had never thought about letting Ranka join the Gongsun family. Ranka would definitely join the Blood Killing Sect in the future. After all, Ranka was his disciple.

The situation in Lanka is not bad. Old Liu Tou said that Lanka is very valued by the Gongsun family, and what Lanka is learning now is what he taught Lanka. Lanka’s current strength is already very good. The Gongsun family Ranka is not being asked to practice anything else, and Ranka's mother's family also attaches great importance to Ranka. With them here, Ranka will not have any mission problems. This will put Zhao Hai at ease, and he can wait with peace of mind to join the Qingyang Sect.