c7934 sneak attack

Everyone listened to Zhao Hai's words silently. Now they are dominated by Zhao Hai, because Zhao Hai's various methods really surprised them. They have already seen that Zhao Hai's strength and ability , are all above them. If they don't take Zhao Hai as their leader, they don't know what means Zhao Hai will use to deal with them.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said: "I will lead a group of people in a moment. Senior Brother Lin, you lead a team. Senior Brother Lin will attack from the front and rear of the enemy at the same time. Senior Brother Lin, please pay attention. After breaking the cave wall, , just use a boundary talisman on the enemy in the middle. This will buy us some time. When attacking, everyone must use all their strength. After a few waves of attacks, immediately turn around and attack the enemy in the middle. There must be no Do you understand any stopover?"

Everyone said in unison: "Understood." They felt that there was nothing wrong with Zhao Hai's plan. The next step was to deal with the enemy. Zhao Hai nodded and said solemnly: "Okay, let's take action." After speaking, he led everyone, Go straight to Mine Lane No. 64, because there are too many mine lanes here, but Mine Lane No. 64 is not next to other mine lanes, so Zhao Hai and the others' attack this time, The only way is to use magic to create a space in the mine tunnel to ambush.

Soon everyone entered the No. 64 mine tunnel, and then used magic to create several spaces on the wall of the mine tunnel, and then on the mine tunnel. Everyone hid in the space and waited until everyone entered the space. After that, the straight one sealed the space again, making the cave wall there look no different from other places.

Not long after they had set up here, the enemy had already arrived. They silently counted the number of enemies passing through. Finally, the ten people in front had entered Lin Cang's ambush site, and the ten people behind had also entered Zhao Hai and others. Zhao Hai and Lin Cang activated their weapons almost at the same time, and heard a loud bang. The cave wall suddenly turned into a pile of rocks and attacked the enemies.

Then Lin Cang directly threw a barrier talisman to the enemies in the middle, while Zhao Hai and the others kept attacking the enemies in front and behind. Several rounds of attacks were all talisman attacks, but the enemies also reacted. , the enemies in the middle, the barrier talisman was broken in a few breaths. After all, this barrier talisman is not a high-level barrier talisman. There are so many enemies, so it is very simple to break it.

Just when the enemy broke the barrier talisman, Zhao Hai and Lin Cang commanded everyone at the same time and turned to attack the enemies in the middle. The enemies in the middle also attacked directly. Zhao Hai and the others still used It was talisman paper. After several rounds of talisman paper attacks, Zhao Hai shouted: "Stop."

Following his voice, everyone stopped attacking. Zhao Hai glanced at the enemies and found that there were still a few standing among the enemies. Zhao Hai moved and rushed over. The enemies immediately released their spells. The weapons attacked Zhao Hai. At this time, they still did not give up the attack. Zhao Hai glanced at them, snorted coldly, and then rushed directly into the middle of the enemies. He twisted a few times in a very strange way and gave way. Those magic weapons, followed by a few punches, knocked all the enemies away. Then Zhao Hai glanced at the enemies on the ground and said in a deep voice: "Clean the battlefield and last hits, so the magic weapons , space equipment, pack all up."

Everyone responded in agreement, and then immediately started to move, starting to hit the enemies who fell on the ground. After taking care of all the enemies, Zhao Hai took a look around and said in a deep voice: "Count the enemies. Check the number to see if any have escaped." Someone immediately counted them, and then loudly said: "There are twenty-seven in total, and three have escaped."

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Don't worry about them. If they escape from the mine tunnel, they can at most escape to Mine No. 13. We will go there now. The number of enemies is almost the same as ours. We can definitely confront the enemies head-on." Confrontation, let's go." Everyone responded with a roar. They were really happy this time. Originally, the enemy sneak attacked them, putting them at an absolute disadvantage, but after Zhao Hai's various methods, he actually put this disadvantage back It has been smoothed out, and now the strength between them and the enemy is almost the same, how can they not be happy about this.

Soon, Zhao Hai and the others arrived outside C-Zi No. 13 Mine. Zhao Hai immediately took out the communicator and said in a deep voice: "Senior Brother Huang, Senior Brother Xu, you two will join us right away. Our current location is in mine tunnel No. 64." Xu Yuan and Huang Xiang responded immediately.

After a while, the two of them appeared in the mine tunnel. Zhao Hai glanced at the two of them, then clasped his fists at them and said: "I'm Zhao Ying, I have seen two senior brothers. Senior brother Huang is injured, and I just have some tricks." After speaking, he waved his hand, and a ray of white light fell on Huang Xiang's face. Huang Xiang's face had already been smeared with a layer of wound medicine. Now that the white light fell on his face, he felt the wound on his face. There was some itching, but this feeling quickly disappeared. He couldn't help but gently touched the injured area on his face, but found that it didn't hurt at all, and everyone else looked surprised. looked at him.

Huang Xiang immediately used a water mirror technique and took a look at his face. He found that the wounds on his face had completely disappeared. This surprised him even more. Huang Xiang couldn't help but look at Zhao Haidao with a grateful look on his face. : "Thank you, junior brother." Although it is not a big deal for a man to have a scar on his face, he looks better without scars, so he is really very grateful to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said in a deep voice: "Brother, you're welcome. I have one more thing to ask the two senior brothers to do." After saying that, he waved his hand and summoned someone from behind. This man was Zhang Yiwu. , Zhao Hai has always taken Zhang Yiwu with him. Zhang Yiwu is not dead yet, but he is breathing out more and less breathing in.

Zhao Hai glanced at the two of them and said: "Two senior brothers, it's not that I'm forcing you, but the rest of us have taken action. If you two are the only ones who don't take action, then you really can't do it, so I'm asking you two to do it." Brother, please forgive me." One of the purposes of Zhao Hai's return to Zhang Yiwu was to allow Xu Yuan and the others to inflict a blow on Zhang Yiwu's body.

When Xu Yuan and Huang Xiang saw the wounds on Zhang Yiwu, they knew that Zhao Hai had not lied to them, because there were really many injuries on Zhang Yiwu, and they were not polite. One of them added a wound to Zhang Yiwu, and Zhao Hai nodded. He nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Next we will attack the enemy. There should be about forty enemies now. Although a few of them are injured, they should still have some fighting power, so we must use some means. That’s it, fellow senior brothers, do you have any explosive charms on you?”

Everyone looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion, but they still took out the Explosive Talisman. This Explosive Talisman is a very commonly used offensive talisman. Everyone has a lot of them. Zhao Hai took out the Explosive Talisman. He took out all the explosive talismans, and then placed all the talismans on Zhang Yiwu, and then he said to everyone: "Brother Zhang Yiwu was seriously injured when fighting the enemy this time. In order to complete this mission, Senior Brother Zhang self-destructed And died, causing huge casualties to the enemy."

Everyone was stunned, and then they immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. Everyone's eyes couldn't help but have strange looks in their eyes. They knew very well that Zhao Hai said this to tell them all that if others asked how Zhang Yiwu died, How should they answer? Obviously, Zhao Hai wanted them to answer how they should.

Seeing that no one had any objections, Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "There are seven entrances and exits in Mine No. 13, of which five are relatively good, and two The entrance to the cave is relatively small, and now the enemy will definitely monitor all the entrances. If we want to attack, we will definitely be discovered by the enemy, and then it will become a force attack. In that case, we will suffer a lot of losses, so I don’t want to So, I still want to raid the enemy. I wonder if any of you brothers still have earth talismans? If you don’t have earth talismans, you can also learn earth magic. From here, we will directly enter the mountain. Then we reach the top of Cave C, No. 13, and attack the enemy from the top of the cave. The enemy's attention should be at the entrance of those caves at this time, and they will not expect that we will attack from the top of the cave."

Everyone nodded and felt that what Zhao Hai said made sense. Huang Xiang said: "I still have the Earth Talisman No. 12 here. If you are not good at earth magic, you can come to me and get a Earth Talisman. "Huang Xiang used the Earth Talisman to escape disaster before, but he still has so many Earth Talismans on his body, which shows that he really has a preference for the Earth Talisman, and if Zhao Hai guessed correctly, If so, the spells he is good at are also from the earth system.

Immediately, someone went to Huang Shu to get some earth talismans. However, what surprised everyone was that Zhao Hai did not have any earth talismans. Zhao Hai was a body cultivator. Could it be that this body cultivator could also perform earth magic spells? It was precisely because of this thought that everyone's eyes fell on Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Although attacking the enemy from the top can have unexpected effects, if no one attracts the enemy's attention here in the mine, the effect will not be very good. , so I won’t go in. I will go straight from here to Mine No. 13. You take Zhang Yiwu there. After reaching the top of the mine, as long as you find that the enemy’s attention is attracted to me, you will Throw Zhang Yiwu into the mine immediately. The enemy will definitely attack Zhang Yiwu when the time comes. As long as they attack Zhang Yiwu, the explosion talisman on Zhang Yiwu will be activated. The explosion talisman is not a stable talisman. Explosion, if the enemy is hit by such an attack in the mine, the damage will be greater. After the explosion, when everyone is attacking those guys, you can use the talisman to attack for three rounds first, and then carry your weapons."

Everyone responded, Zhao Hai handed Zhang Yiwu to Lin Cang, and said in a deep voice: "Brother Lin Cang, you will direct this attack. I mainly want to attract the enemy's attention. Is there no problem?" Zhao Hai has already It was discovered that this Lin Cang was still a very capable person. Although he was not the highest among these people, his ability was not weak at all, so he commanded Lin Cang as the commander.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.