c7930 ambush

For Zhao Hai, Zhang Yiwu was already a dead person. From the moment Zhang Yiwu became an enemy to him, Zhang Yiwu was already a dead person. The reason why he did not kill Zhang Yiwu now was because it was not the time, but he would wait for this time When things get over, Zhang Yiwu will definitely die.

In fact, Zhao Hai might not need to kill Zhang Yiwu, because the level of the two is too far apart. One is the sect leader in charge of more than 100 billion monks, and the other is just a small figure in the world of cultivation. The two are too far apart. Well, if he kills Zhang Yiwu, it will not do him any good.

But Zhao Hai doesn't think so. He knows that this time, he has completely offended Zhang Yiwu. In this case, as long as Zhang Yiwu does not die in this battle, they will all join Qingyang after they appear. In the sect, after entering the Qingyang Sect, Zhang Yiwu will still hate him and keep making trouble for him. When the time comes, he will have even more headaches and may ruin his own big things.

Zhao Hai knows very well. Don't underestimate the power of a small person. In fact, many things are ruined in the hands of small people. This is not what Zhao Hai wants to see, so Zhang Yiwu must die, precisely because In this way, Zhao Hai didn't care what Zhang Yiwu thought and directly took over Zhang Yiwu's command.

Not long after Zhao Hai had just made arrangements, he heard a voice saying: "I am Xu Yuan. Someone came in from the entrance of the cave I entered before. There were fifty people and they were heading towards the mine. Go deeper." His voice was very low, and he obviously said these words after hiding in the dark and observing those people.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Continue to monitor, do not attack." He did not say anything at all. In fact, he knew very well where the enemies came in. There are many magic insects in this cave, and those in the passage Every move a person makes can't escape his eyes, but he can't show it.

Then another person said: "I am Xu Shi, the enemy has also been found here. There are twenty people, and they are going deep into the mine. They are not going fast, so be very careful." This person also spoke in a very low voice. But there was a sense of excitement in the voice. Obviously, they all knew very well what having only twenty people meant. It meant that they could deal with these twenty people, so everyone became excited. .

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Continue to monitor, they are advancing on that route, and there are a hundred enemies, maybe even more. We must make sure that all other enemies have entered the mine before we can take action. Huang Senior Brother Xiang, if your place is safe, you can go out and see if there are any enemies outside."

Huang Xiang's voice came: "I still have enemies here, at least about thirty of them, who are guarding here in the manor. Now I dare not go out." His voice was still a little vague, but there was no panic. Meaning, obviously he is no longer afraid now, because Zhao Hai's command is really good, and he is not in a hurry now.

Zhao Hai's voice came: "Okay, Master Huang, just monitor the enemies outside. Among the other brothers, is anyone entering the mine?" No one answered, which means no, Zhao Hai then He opened his mouth and said, "Senior Brother Xu Shi, report the current location of those enemies. Senior Brother Xu Yuan, you continue to monitor the fifty enemies. The others should advance to the place where Senior Brother Xu Shi reported and prepare to attack the enemies."

Xu Shi and Xu Yuan both responded, and then Xu Shi reported the current location of the enemy. At this time, Zhao Hai had to thank Zhang Yiwu. Zhang Yiwu did a very good job in the preliminary work. All the mine tunnels in the cave are marked, so that everyone can clearly know which mine tunnel the enemy is in, which will make it easier for them to move.

As Xu Shi reported the location of the Qianyuan Sect disciples, people began to slowly surround them. After a short time, everyone came to the side of the mine tunnel. Zhao Hai looked at After taking a look at the situation in the mine, he said: "The enemy is in the mine now. The mine is too narrow and not suitable for fighting. There is a large mine about five miles in front of the mine. We are in The location of the attack is chosen there. All senior brothers, please gather at the mine. Once you arrive at the location, report the situation immediately. Senior brother Lin Cang, please prepare the enchantment."

Everyone responded, and then they all moved. After a while, everyone arrived in the mine. At this time, the enemy was only about ten miles away from them. When Zhao Hai saw that everyone had arrived, even Zhang Yiwu had arrived. , but Zhang Yiwu was standing on the periphery now and kept silent. Zhao Hai just glanced at him, and then said to the other people around him: "I am Zhao Ying, brothers, please be prepared, Lin Senior Brother Cang, you take ten people and ambush in the cave. Remember, after entering the cave entrance, use magic to seal the cave entrance."

When he mentioned Lin Cang, a short, gentle-looking monk responded. Then he pointed at ten people and walked towards the cave entrance pointed by Zhao Hai. Then Zhao Hai continued: "Xu Shi Senior brother, take ten of you, enter the passage, use magic to make a hole, and then hide inside, use magic to seal the entrance of the hole, so that the enemy cannot find it. After the enemy enters the cave, you Seal the enemy's retreat from behind. Senior Brother Zhang Yiwu, please lead ten people to seal all other cave entrances with magic. For the rest, please let me come."

Everyone also knew that time was urgent now and they must not mess around, otherwise, the consequences would be disastrous, so everyone did not say anything and immediately went separately. Although Zhang Yiwu was very reluctant, he also knew very well that in this situation At that time, he must not mess around, otherwise, problems might really occur, so he directly called ten people to use magic to seal all the holes with him. Finally, they found a hole and drilled it. Go in and seal the hole.

At this time, Zhao Hai also led the remaining five people into a cave entrance, and then sealed the cave entrance inside. Then everyone stood there, listening to the sounds outside, and at the same time Waiting for the news, the enemy was indeed very careful this time and kept moving forward carefully. Finally, after half an hour, Xu Shi's voice came: "The enemy has passed us and did not find us. They We are about to enter the cave.”

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Get ready to fight, Senior Brother Xu Yuan, report the situation there, the enemy has arrived." Zhao Hai knew that the enemies at Xu Yuan's place were the most difficult to deal with, because there were fifty enemies there. , if the enemies there also come here, then they may not be able to deal with these twenty enemies.

Xu Yuan's voice came: "They are still in Mine No. 73, and are now almost at Mine C No. 13." The mine tunnel and the mine are different. The mine tunnel is just a passage. The mine is a relatively open area, which is what Qingyang Sect calls it here, and Zhang Yiwu Danggui has marked all the mine tunnels and caves. Now Zhao Hai takes command, It's also easier.

Zhao Hai took a look at the map and found that Mine Road No. 73 and Mine No. 13 were still far away from them. He felt relieved. Then he spoke again: "Senior Brother Huang Xiang, where are you?" How is the situation?" Zhao Hai really wants to know what the situation is like at Huang Xiang's place. In any case, Huang Xiang is actually the most dangerous now. If the enemy discovers him, he will be dead. He is now There is only one person outside.

Huang Xiang's voice came: "The enemies in the manor haven't left yet. They seem to be checking to see if there are anyone alive." Huang Xiang's voice was still very vague, but this news was enough. Zhao Hai didn't What was he talking about, because he had already heard footsteps in the mine outside.

Then he heard a voice saying: "This is going to be a dead end. I think we should go back." The stone wall that Zhao Hai and the others made to seal the entrance of the cave was not very thick, so the outside He could still hear the voice clearly. At this moment, Zhao Hai said loudly: "Action."

Following his voice, everyone broke through the stone wall. Once the stone wall was broken, Lin Cang directly threw out the enchantment talisman he had prepared long ago. A yellow light flashed and countless runes suddenly appeared. These The runes were all placed on the cave wall, isolating the entire cave. Then everyone else took action and killed the enemies directly.

Those enemies obviously did not expect that they would encounter enemies here. They originally thought that they were on a dead end, and they just felt a little relaxed. At this moment, Zhao Hai and the others suddenly came out, and then Zhao Hai and the others suddenly came out. , various weapons were released directly.

These people are indeed members of the Qingyang Sect. Many of the weapons they use are all talismans. The Qingyang sect is famous for making and using talismans, so it doesn't matter if he uses talisman paper. Let Zhao Hai know that these people are probably all veteran peripheral members of the Qingyang Sect. Otherwise, they would not be able to have so many talismans in their hands.

The attack power of talisman papers is very strong, especially the talisman papers made by Qingyang Sect. If these talisman papers are used against powerful enemies, they may not have any effect, but for those enemies with average strength, they will be effective. It's so useful, and this time the Qianyuan Sect sent out some peripheral members, so naturally their strength can't be that good.

Although the people of the Qianyuan Sect played a little trick on the timing of the attack, this is allowed. This is the so-called war that never tires of deceit. Even if Zeng Yang knew it, he could only blame his own disciple Tai If they are not careful and have no vigilance at all, they will not do anything to the Qianyuan Sect. However, if they dare to send stronger masters to participate in this battle, Zeng Yang will never agree. It triggers a war between the two sides, so the enemy will never do this. They will only send some real peripheral disciples to attack, and those peripheral disciples cannot stop the Qingyang Sect's talisman attack.