c7933 means

"Chapter error, click here to report"

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned, and then their faces all changed. They are now about the same number as the enemy. It is impossible to eliminate the enemy in a short time. If the enemy really attacks the enemy in the manor, If they ask for help, the enemies in the manor will most likely come to rescue them. At that time, they will have twice as many enemies to attack from the front and back, which will be really dangerous. By then, the great situation they have created now will , I'm afraid that everything will be lost at once.

"You said everything. How do you know that the enemy will definitely ask for help from the enemies in the manor? Will they listen to you?" Zhang Yiwu shouted to Zhao Hai with an ugly face. Obviously, he also felt that Zhao Hai said It may make sense, but he doesn't want to admit defeat, because if he does, he will be finished.

Zhao Hai looked at Zhang Yiwu and snorted coldly: "Senior Brother Zhang seems to be unconvinced, then..." Before he could finish his words, he heard a voice coming from the communication circle: "Junior Brother Zhao, manor The enemies here have gathered and are heading towards the mine. I have now come out of my hiding place and am following the enemies." The voice was a little vague, and it was Huang Xiang whose mouth was injured.

As soon as they heard this voice, everyone involuntarily turned their attention to Zhang Yiwu. To be honest, they had some doubts about Zhao Hai's words before, but now that Huang Xiang's communication came, everyone knew that Zhao Hai said That's right, the enemy is really like the enemy in the manor asking for help.

Zhao Hai immediately picked up the communication array and said in a deep voice: "Brother Huang, follow the enemy carefully and see if the enemy enters the mine. Brother Xu Yuan, if the enemy in the mine stays at C-10, No. 3 mine, you don't need to worry about him anymore. Listen carefully to Senior Brother Xu Yuan's words and see if the enemy enters that mine tunnel. Once confirmed, go over there immediately and monitor the enemy in the mine tunnel." After saying that, He put down the communicator, but Huang Xiang and Xu Yuan responded at the same time.

After Zhao Hai heard the two people responding, he turned to look at Zhang Yiwu and said in a deep voice: "Senior Brother Zhang, what else do you have to say now?" Zhao Hai has already had murderous intentions towards Zhang Yiwu. This Zhang Yiwu is definitely a murderer. A scourge must be eliminated here. If he cannot be eliminated here, and he enters the Qingyang Sect and wants to eliminate him, I am afraid there will be trouble. He heard Le Wen's true words before Meaning, the person standing behind this Yiwu is probably of some status.

Zhang Yiwu looked at Zhao Hai, snorted coldly and said: "Who knows if he has colluded with the two of them? There are many of you here, one by one, all of them are not good things. You unite and give me to Don't worry about it." Zhang Yiwu didn't look scared at all at this time. He didn't believe that Zhao Hai dared to do anything to him.

Zhao Hai looked at Zhang Yiwu and suddenly smiled. Then he moved and appeared directly next to Zhang Yiwu. Then he hit Zhang Yiwu on one side. His punch came very fast and suddenly. Zhang Yiwu didn't even expect that he was knocked to the ground by Zhao Hai's punch. A mouthful of blood spurted out from his mouth. He struggled to stand up several times, but he couldn't do it.

Zhao Hai looked at Zhang Yiwu, then turned to look at the others, and said in a deep voice: "Everyone, you have heard all what Senior Brother Zhang said, and I am not afraid to tell you that Senior Brother Zhang is probably a bit of a follower in the Qingyang Sect. , he said he won’t let us go, then he really won’t let us go. I’m afraid all of us will be unlucky by then. As for what Senior Brother Zhang said, that I joined this operation through the back door, that is absolutely nonsense. It has only been a few months since I became a peripheral disciple of the Qingyang Sect, and my introducer was Master Le Wenzhen. I was favored by Elder Zeng Yang because I completed a task well before. I was asked to participate in this operation, so I am in Qingyang Sect, but I don’t have any background. I believe that even if you have some background, you probably never thought about having an enemy like Senior Brother Zhang? So? , now I just want to ask everyone to keep it a secret, don’t talk about Zhang Yiwu, we will report it when we get back, just say that Senior Brother Zhang died in this battle, what do you think?"

When Zhao Hai said this, he said it in front of Zhang Yiwu. When Zhang Yiwu heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but show a look of horror on his face, and everyone else also showed a look of surprise. They Unexpectedly, Zhao Hai would be so cruel and want Zhang Yiwu's life.

But after they thought about it, they also felt that Zhao Hai was right. Zhang Yiwu said that this matter is not over, so this matter really will not be over. No one wants to have an enemy like Zhang Yiwu. Zhao Hai wants to kill Zhang Yiwu. Just kill them, they would not object, so everyone nodded, but did not speak.

Zhao Hai looked at their looks and smiled slightly: "Okay, as long as everyone agrees, I'll be relieved. Now let's ask all the senior brothers to leave a wound on Senior Brother Zhang's body. This will be equivalent to killing all of us." Damn Senior Brother Zhang, only in this way will no one tell this matter."

When Lin Cang and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. Then they all looked at Zhao Hai in great astonishment. They did not expect that Zhao Hai had such a skill. The reason why they thought Zhang Yiwu's death had nothing to do with them. What's the relationship? It's because the person who did it was Zhao Hai. But if they were added to the people who did it, then this matter would be over. From having nothing to do with them, he would become an accomplice. This would make him an accomplice. They really didn't know what to do for a while.

Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and said in a deep voice: "Everyone, I am not afraid to tell you that we people were originally peripheral members, and there are people above us who are in charge. Even if we enter Qingyang Zong, I’m afraid that those who originally controlled us will still control us. Do you just want to be controlled by them all the time? If we don’t want to be controlled by them all the time, once we resist, I’m afraid they will To deal with us, today we kill Zhang Yiwu together, which means we have formed an alliance. From now on, everyone will be our own people. Even if we enter the Qingyang Sect, we will advance and retreat together. Only by holding together, we will reach Qingyang Sect. Only after Yangzong is established can we live a good life, what do you think?"

When Lin Cang and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they couldn't help but be stunned. Then they all started to think deeply. At this moment, they heard a voice saying: "Junior Brother Zhao is right, I will do this." Come on, leave some space for me, and when all the enemies are taken care of, I will go to Zhang Yiwu to hit him."

When Lin Cang and the others heard this voice, they were all stunned because they found that the voice came from the communicator. They were all stunned. Then they turned around and found that Zhao Hai had told them before. When he said those words, he kept holding the communicator in his hand.

Now Zhao Hai has forced them into a corner. Even if they don't take action against Zhang Yiwu, if Zhao Hai tells Huang Xiang and Xu Shi that they have taken action, then Huang Xiang and Xu Shi will think that they have taken action. , even if they don't admit it, no one will believe them.

Since Huang Xiang and Xu Shi were not here, they could only listen, so they were afraid of being excluded by Lin Cang and the others, because once they were excluded by Lin Cang and the others, they would be different from Zhao Hai and the others. They were one of their own, and they knew about Zhang Yiwu, and they were afraid that Zhao Hai and the others would deal with them. It was precisely because of this idea that Huang Xiang made a decision faster than Lin Cang and the others.

Xu Shi obviously thought so too, so his voice came from the communicator: "Count me in." After saying this, there was no sound. At this time, Zhao Hai also let go of the hand holding the communicator. It was obvious that his goal had been achieved. Even if Lin Cang and the others said that they were not involved in this matter, Huang Xiang and Xu Shi would not Believed.

Thinking of this, Lin Cang couldn't help but take a deep look at Zhao Hai, and then said with a wry smile: "Junior Brother Zhao is a good trick, it doesn't matter, when things have reached this point, there is nothing more to say, and we really don't want to, in the meantime After entering Qingyang Sect, there is such an enemy, let's get rid of him today." After Lin Cang moved his hand, a flying sword appeared in his hand, and then he pierced Zhang Yiwu with one sword In his thigh, this sword is obviously not fatal, but as long as he takes action, Zhao Hai does not want him to kill Zhang Yiwu with one sword.

When the others saw that Lin Cang had taken action, they no longer hesitated. Anyway, so many people were taking action together, and they were not the only ones taking action. Naturally, there was nothing to be afraid of, so they all took action, one by one. The weapon was stabbed straight into Zhang Yiwu's body. Zhang Yiwu suffered more than thirty wounds in the blink of an eye. However, these wounds were not fatal. They only caused more injuries to him. Now he is afraid that he can't even move. He can look at everyone with a look of incomparable hatred.

Zhao Hai looked at Zhang Yiwu and smiled slightly. Then he picked up the communication array and said in a deep voice: "Brother Huang, where are the enemies now?" Zhao Hai also knew that they had not eliminated the enemies yet. , Zhang Yiwu is now dead, so he must start dealing with the enemy now.

Huang Xiang's voice came: "Now the enemy has entered Channel 64 and is going deep inside. It seems that they have some traceable magic weapons with them. From Channel 64, it is indeed You can enter the C-13 mine."

Xu Shi's voice came: "I will move to Channel 64 immediately." After saying this, there was no sound. It was obvious that he had already started to take action. Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Please two brothers, please keep an eye on the enemy." After saying that, he put down the communicator, then drew the terrain of Channel 64 on the ground, and said to everyone: "Channel 64 , it is not the closest passage to the C-13 mine. Obviously the enemy is completely unfamiliar with the mine. This gives us the opportunity to ambush the enemy here. This is not a detour, but the passage is not It's very wide. The enemy here should stretch the team very long. We will use the previous method and divide it into two teams. One team will attack the enemy in front, and some people will attack the enemy in the back, and then attack the enemy in the middle at the same time. , this time our two teams, front and rear, must attack at the same time, and strive to eliminate the enemy within the last time!"

"Add bookmarks for easy reading"