c7931 Last hit

"Stop!" Zhao Hai yelled. With this roar, everyone stopped, but corpses were already lying on the ground. Those were naturally the corpses of Qianyuan Sect disciples. Zhao Hai did not say anything this time, because he is now a physical practitioner, and the best physical practitioner is close combat, but this attack is all talisman attacks. If he really takes action, it will be equivalent to running to the enemy. He wouldn't be that stupid to follow the enemy and face the attacks of these people.

After everyone stopped, Zhao Hai took a look at the corpses on the ground, and then said to everyone: "Brothers, please take action and touch up each of them with a magic weapon, and then we will clean up. On the battlefield, I am a casual cultivator and have no means of long-range attacks, so I will not participate.

When the Qingyang Sect monks heard what Zhao Hai said, they understood why Zhao Hai had not taken action before. It turned out that Zhao Hai was a physical practitioner, but they did not mean to look down on Zhao Hai at all. To be honest, Zhao Hai's His commanding ability has been recognized by them.

Now in Qingyang Sect, there is actually a trend that they all look down on physical cultivation. Who are these disciples of Qingyang Sect? They are all talisman cultivators, focusing on runes. Because of this, they look down on physical cultivators. In their opinion, physical cultivators are just some fools who train their bodies. Monks obviously have so many methods at their disposal. , why do you have to do some physical training? Although the body cultivation is very difficult to deal with, for them, it is nothing special. In their opinion, they can keep fighting with the body cultivation at a distance, and finally wear the body cultivation to death, so they Some people really look down on physical training.

But Zhao Hai is an exception. Zhao Hai's commanding ability is really strong. If Zhao Hai hadn't commanded them, they really don't know what they would have become now. If they didn't do it right, they might have surrendered. , but they gave up, and now, they had a small victory. No one was injured, and they killed twenty enemies. This really made them very happy.

However, they did not say anything. Instead, they directly took out their magical weapons and used the last touch on the corpses on the ground. After this last touch, they discovered that there were actually a few living corpses on the ground. Fortunately, they were far away. If you don't do it well, you may be plotted by the opponent.

After replenishing the knives, everyone began to clean the battlefield. Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and said solemnly: "These trophies are all ours. I think we should wait until after this operation and divide these trophies evenly. Now put all these trophies in a unified package, now is not the time to divide these things.

Everyone was stunned, then they thought about it and nodded. Now is indeed not the time to distribute the loot, so they gathered all the loot. Then Zhao Hai took out an empty space bag and put all the loot. After putting them all in, he said to everyone: "Please put a seal on this space bag, so that no one can take out the contents of the space bag."

Everyone did as they were told and put a seal on the space bag, so that as long as someone opened the space bag, they would know it and wouldn't have to worry about someone stealing the contents of the space bag. After they all finished this matter, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and said in a deep voice: "This space bag will be put here for safekeeping first. After we have eliminated all the enemies, we will distribute the loot. No one has any objections." Bar?"

Everyone shook their heads, and Xu Shi even said: "Junior brother, just keep it, we are very confident in you, what are we going to do next? There are fifty enemies on the other side, if we follow them If we fight head-on, I'm afraid we won't be the enemy's match." Everyone else nodded, thinking the same thing.

Zhao Hai glanced at them, smiled slightly and said: "Don't worry, everyone, we can catch the enemy and fight. I'll ask about the situation first." After speaking, Zhao Hai took out the communicator and whispered: "Senior Brother Xu, how is the situation where you are? Where is the enemy's current position?"

Xu Yuan's voice came, and his voice was very low: "The enemy is resting in the C-13 mine. Everyone is there. I dare not get too close." Xu Yuan's voice was very low. Xiao, obviously, he was worried that he would be discovered by the enemy. Zhao Hai could understand this.

Zhao Hai thought for a moment, then said in a deep voice: "Senior Brother Xu, continue to monitor them. We have to make some arrangements here. The previous enemies have been eliminated by us. Of the twenty, none of them can escape. Next, we will make some noise in Channel 59, and then make some arrangements in the channel. The enemy will definitely go there when the time comes. You just need to monitor them and don't be discovered." Xu Yuanying There was a sound. Then Zhao Hai contacted Huang Xiang again. There was nothing going on at Huang Xiang's place. The thirty enemies seemed to be staying at the manor.

After ending the contact with Huang Xiang, Zhao Hai turned to everyone and said: "Next we will go to Channel 59 to make arrangements. I think everyone knows the situation in Channel 59. "Although that passage is not narrow, it has several hard bends, which can be used to deal with them." As he spoke, he drew the appearance of passage No. 59 underground. Everyone also knew No. 59 The passage is there.

Channel No. 59 can be said to have nine twists and turns, and many of the bends are hard curves. It is most suitable to sneak attack the enemy there, because there are two channels on both sides of Channel 59. The two passages are almost parallel to the 59th passage. One is the 60th passage and the other is the 58th passage.

After Zhao Hai drew all three passages, he pointed to a position in the middle of passage No. 59 and said in a deep voice: "Did you see this? Our ambush location was chosen here. This is a hard bend. , our attack this time is not to attack those fifty people together, we only deal with ten of them, we will ambush in the fifty-eighth passage and the sixtyth passage, and wait until the enemy passes through this bend. , we directly use magic to block the bend here, and then use the magic circle to trap the last ten people behind, and then destroy the enemy in the shortest time, as long as we can kill After killing ten of them, they only have forty people left, but this is not over yet. Our second ambush location is here. When they find out that the rear team is under attack, they will definitely come back to rescue them, but when they break through When we opened the cave we were betting on, the ten people should have been dead. Even if they were not dead, they would have been seriously injured. At this time, their attention would be focused on these people in the rear team, and we were going to We set up an ambush in their front team, and this time we still attacked ten of them, using the same method. There are just a few corners connected here, so we will have absolutely no problem attacking them here."

As he spoke, Zhao Hai kept clicking on two points on the map. Everyone listened very seriously. After Zhao Hai finished speaking, he turned to everyone and said: "So this time, for the ambush, we We need to divide into two groups. One group will be led by me and we will attack the people in the front team. The other group will be led by Senior Brother Zhang Yiwu and attack the enemies in the rear team. In other words, Senior Brother Zhang will attack first and we will attack later. This time the action is all about one quick word, one hit and then go away. No matter whether the enemy is injured or dead, just one hit and they will retreat immediately, because no matter whether the enemy is injured or dead, their combat effectiveness will be greatly affected. , then we can think of ways to deal with them."

Everyone responded, but they glanced at Zhang Yiwu from time to time, because when they saw Zhang Yiwu before, Zhang Yiwu was the commander, but now Zhao Hai is commanding them, and they really want to see, What was Zhang Yiwu's face like? But what disappointed them was that Zhang Yiwu's face was very calm, as if he didn't feel anything, so they naturally didn't say much.

After Zhao Hai finished the arrangement, he turned to look at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Do you have any questions?" Everyone shook their heads. Zhao Hai's arrangement was actually very simple. It was nothing more than two sneak attacks. Really There is nothing difficult about it, so no one has any opinions.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he said: "Senior Brother Xu Shi, you are leading five people in Channel No. 59. Make some noise, preferably a fight, and then make some noise. The sound of children shouting to kill led the enemy into Passage No. 59. The remaining people were divided into two teams. One team followed Brother Zhang Yiwu and went to the first ambush point to ambush. The remaining people followed me and waited at the second ambush point. Make an ambush at an ambush point, let’s take action.”

Everyone responded, and immediately started moving. They were quickly divided into three groups, and then under the command of Zhao Hai, they entered passage 60 and passage 58 respectively. Xu Shi and the others of course entered passage 5. Entering Passage No. 19, the three groups of people moved together and dived straight towards the ambush point, and soon arrived at the ambush point.

After arriving at the ambush point, Zhao Hai confirmed everyone's position, and then told Xu Yuandao: "Senior Brother Xu, we are about to take action here. Please monitor them carefully and avoid being discovered by them." Xu Yuandao agreed. With a sound, he almost knew Zhao Hai's plan through the communicator, and he was a little excited.

Zhao Hai then ordered: "Senior Brother Xu, start." Xu Shi responded, and then from Channel 59, there was a burst of weapons clashing, as well as bursts of curses and shouts of killing. , although there were only five of them, the noise they made was quite loud. In addition, the sound was reflected many times through the mine tunnels, and some vague shouts of killing could almost be heard.

And this voice soon reached C-Zi No. 13 Mine. The people of the Qianyuan Sect who were resting there were all stunned when they heard the voice, and then they immediately stood up and carefully Paying attention to the several passages around, one of them even said: "Listen carefully, the sound is coming from that passage. It may be that another team has encountered the enemy."