c7936 Uncle Qi

Zhao Hai and the others walked out of the mine and came to the manor. However, as soon as they arrived at the manor, they were stunned because they found that there were actually people in the manor, and there were two of them. The two of them looked very young. When they were younger, one was wearing clothes from the Qingyang Sect and the other was wearing clothes from the Qianyuan Sect, but both of them were wearing servant clothes.

The old man wearing Qianyuan Sect clothes now had a smile on his face, while the old man wearing Qingyang Sect servant clothes had an angry look on his face. However, when the two of them saw Zhao Hai and the others arriving at the manor, they both Everyone was stunned, and then both of them glanced behind Zhao Hai and the others, but did not find anyone else.

The old man wearing the clothes of the Qianyuan Sect looked at Zhao Hai and the others and said, "Are you from the Qingyang Sect? Where are I from the Qianyuan Sect?" When he spoke, he was full of energy and aura, and he His strength is indeed very powerful. Zhao Hai felt that his strength has at least reached the star level.

Zhao Hai glanced at the old man, then clasped his fists and said: "I have met the seniors of the Qianyuan Sect, and I have met the master." The strength of both of them has reached the star level, and Zhao Hai calls the people of the Qianyuan Sect seniors. , there is no problem in calling people in your sect master, and other people also call them the same as Zhao Hai.

The old man wearing the clothes of the Qingyang Sect nodded at Zhao Hai and the others, and then said in a deep voice: "You are all my disciples of the Qingyang Sect, right? Where are the people from the Qianyuan Sect?" Although he was wearing the clothes of a servant , but his strength is there, and he has a certain magnanimity.

Zhao Hai quickly said: "To return to Master, the fellow Taoists of the Qianyuan Sect, because they refused to give up during the competition, we have no choice but to kill them. These are their remains." After saying that, Zhao Hai moved his hand, and there was a space bag in his hand. It contained the corpses of those from the Qianyuan Sect. Even the last two people who fought with Zhao Hai and were defeated by Zhao Hai and fainted, They were all killed by Zhao Hai, but Zhao Hai didn't leave a single person alive this time.

And what he did made Lin Cang and the others even more frightened. They did not expect that Zhao Hai would be so ruthless, and even those who had lost the power to resist would not be left alive, which made them even more determined. In my own opinion, after they enter Qingyang Sect, they must stand firmly with Zhao Hai and must not have second thoughts, otherwise, Zhao Hai will definitely kill them.

Don't think that no one will dare to touch you if you have a backer. In the world of cultivation, there are countless people who die for unknown reasons every year. So if Zhao Hai really wants to kill them, there are too many methods that can be used. Because of this, they did not dare to betray Zhao Hai.

When the two old men heard Zhao Hai's words, they were all stunned. Then the old man from the Qianyuan Sect immediately said loudly: "This is impossible. There are clearly more than sixty corpses of Qingyang Sect disciples here, but There is not even a corpse of our Qianyuan Sect disciples. In other words, when we Qianyuan Sect disciples entered the mine, there were still a hundred people. How could you kill a hundred Qianyuan with just you guys? Disciple."

Zhao Hai glanced at the monk from the Qianyuan Sect and said in a deep voice: "The Qianyuan Sect directly attacked us when the competition was not in accordance with the regulations. It did catch us off guard, but this does not mean that Their strength is stronger than ours, and they will be victorious in the future. After chasing into the mine, we will kill them one by one. This seems to be nothing surprising, right?" Zhao Hai's words were already very serious. You're welcome, you must know that the strength he is showing now is only at the Jiugong level at most, and the old man from the Qianyuan Sect has a star-level strength. Usually when Zhao Hai sees the old man, no matter whether he is from the same sect or not, he will He had to be polite, and it was indeed a bit disrespectful that he dared to talk to the old man like this now.

When the old man from the Qianyuan Sect heard what Zhao Hai said, his face couldn't help but change, and he shouted: "You dare to talk to me like this, you are so brave!" After saying that, he waved his hand, and a huge black The big hand grabbed Zhao Hai straight away. The big black hand kept twisting in the space, like a giant black snake.

At this moment, a shining golden rune appeared in front of the big hand, and directly collided with the big hand. With a loud bang, the rune and the big hand disappeared. Only then did I hear The old man who arrived at Qingyang Sect said: "This is the territory of our Qingyang Sect, not your Qianyuan Sect. This time, our Qingyang Sect won the bet. What? Do you dare not admit it?"

The old man from the Qianyuan Sect couldn't help but pause when he heard what the old man from the Qingyang Sect said. Then he gave Zhao Hai a sharp look, and then he waved his hand, and the space bag in Zhao Hai's hand came into his hand. He glanced at the space bag with his mental power, and then snorted coldly, because what was contained in the space bag was indeed the corpses of the disciples of the Qianyuan Sect. The old man then raised his head, glanced at Zhao Hai, and sighed. He said: "Boy, you have to be careful in the future, don't fall into the hands of our Qianyuan Sect disciples." After saying that, he turned to look at the old man of Qingyang Sect, and said in a deep voice: "This round is We lost, we have nothing to say, the bets will be delivered later, farewell." After saying that, he moved and disappeared.

After the old man from the Qianyuan Sect disappeared, the old man from the Qingyang Sect looked at Zhao Hai and the others and couldn't help but smile and said: "Well done, all of you can join the Qingyang Sect and become the outside members of the Qingyang Sect. Disciple, tell me, what are your names? By the way, where is Zhang Yiwu, the commander of this battle?"

Zhao Hai quickly said: "Returning to the master, my disciple's name is Zhao Ying. In the previous battle, senior brother Zhang Yiwu died together with the Qianyuan Sect." He did not say that he commanded this action. He only said that Zhang Yiwu was dead, and he only stated his own truth.

When the old man heard Zhao Hai's words, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Zhao Hai with interest and said: "Your name is Zhao Ying? Are you the Zhao Ying who the master specially joined in this operation? Yes, very good. "This old man is also a mature man. Why can't he see that the remaining people all look to Zhao Hai for their leadership? How can he be recognized by those people in such a short period of time without being a commander? This is a kind of ability, how could he not feel happy.

Zhao Hai hurriedly said: "It's Zhao Ying, the master has given me the award." He now knows the identity of this old man. This old man should be Zeng Yang's old servant, otherwise he wouldn't have told him, and the master touched his name. In this case, he was Zeng Yang who personally participated in this operation.

The old man looked at Zhao Hai and smiled slightly. He didn't say anything, but looked at the others. The others immediately reported their names one by one. The old man wrote down all the names, and then said : "Write down the entire process of this operation without hiding anything. You will all be given three days to go back and deal with your own affairs. After three days, gather at this place and write down the battle report they wrote. Leave it in my hands and go." After saying that, he waved his hand and more than thirty jade slips fell directly into the hands of Zhao Hai and the others. Zhao Hai and the others took a look at the contents of the jade slips and found that they were a coordinate , they immediately put away the jade slips, then saluted the old man, and then they all used the portable teleportation array and left the manor directly.

After Zhao Hai and the others left, the old man's figure disappeared into the manor. The next moment, the old man had appeared in Qingyang Sect. Qingyang Sect was not a large sect, but there were still four powerful people in the entire sect. A master, so there are four mountains above 10,000 meters in Qingyang Sect, and the old man appeared halfway up the mountainside of one of them.

More than 6,000 meters up the mountainside, there is a residential area with countless houses. These houses are built in an orderly manner and look very beautiful. In the middle of these houses, there is a teleportation array, and the old man appears. The location is in this teleportation array.

After coming down from the teleportation array, the old man moved and flew straight into the depths of this area. After a while, he arrived at the innermost part of this area. There were a row of caves there, each with a large cave. The entrance of the cave was about ten meters high and about seven meters wide. The old man entered one of the caves directly.

The inside of this cave is actually larger than the entrance. The height inside is about ten feet, and the width is also about ten feet. It extends into the cave to about a hundred feet in the mountain. There are many flowers and plants planted at the entrance of the cave. These flowers and plants are not ordinary flowers and plants. They are all medicinal materials. There are a lot of them. Except for a road about ten feet wide in the middle, the ten feet or so at the entrance of the cave are all made of pieces. The medicinal field seems to be very well behaved.

Going inside, there is a courtyard wall that separates the inside of the cave from the outside. Outside this courtyard wall, there is a small square. It is not very big, ten feet wide and only about two feet long. The old man landed directly in this square, and although it is in a cave, it is not dark at all. There is a very soft light falling from the top of the cave, so that you can't tell at all. This light is Sent by the magic circle.

The old man came to the gate of the courtyard, pushed the door open and walked in. As soon as he entered the gate, there was another medicinal field, and the herbs grown here were indeed more advanced than those outside. Inside, there is a row of houses. You can see that all the houses are occupied by people. There are also several disciples in green clothes who are taking care of the medicinal materials in the medicinal fields. At the courtyard gate, there is only a foot wide. The road extended straight inside, and the old man went straight into the courtyard. Where he passed, the disciples who were taking care of the medicine fields all saluted the old man and said, "I've seen Uncle Seven." But the old man just nodded and said nothing. , and did not return the favor.

Beyond this courtyard, there is a large martial arts field inside. Although the width is still ten feet, the length is about twenty feet. The ground is all paved with green boards. There is nothing inside, and it looks very empty. , but there were runes flowing from time to time on the ground and cave walls here. Obviously this place was not as simple as it seemed. The old man directly crossed the martial arts field and entered the innermost courtyard.