c7937 Zeng Yang

The innermost is a large courtyard, and there are several entrances to this courtyard. In the courtyard outside, there live some monks wearing the costumes of Qingyang Sect disciples. They also look very young, only twenty at most. There are also many people around the age of 18 and teenagers. Most of them are sitting in the yard. In front of them, there is a sandbox. This sandbox is just a small wooden box, and the wooden box contains some Xuantiesha.

Black iron sand is iron sand made of dark iron, and this kind of dark iron sand is ground very fine, just like ordinary sand. These black iron sands are spread in wooden boxes, and those disciples, every Each person holds a black black iron pen in his hand and is drawing slowly in the wooden box.

What they refer to is talismans. Talisman and runes are actually two different things. The talisman here refers to the talisman, and the talisman and the rune are actually different. The talisman written on the talisman is another kind of talisman. Talisman, this kind of talisman is simpler, but it can also be said that they are more complex. The runes on each talisman actually have many meanings. Only by effectively combining those runes can it become a complete year talisman. , is the real talisman.

When drawing talisman, the requirements for the integrity of the talisman are very huge, because the talisman paper is specially made, the talisman pen is not an ordinary pen, and the ink used to draw the talisman is not simple ink. The most important thing is , when drawing talismans, you also need to use spiritual energy. You must inject spiritual energy into the talisman pen, and then integrate it with the talisman ink. Finally, the spiritual energy will be directly integrated into the talisman paper together with the talisman ink. Only in this way , a talisman is considered completed.

After injecting spiritual energy into the talisman pen, the talisman pen will have weight and become very heavy, and this is the main reason why the production of guided talisman paper fails. Drawing talismans is the same as refining alchemy and refining weapons. There is a possibility of failure, and the failure rate is still very high. Qingyang Sect started by making talismans, so it naturally has its own method for training its disciples.

Using Xuantiesha and Xuantiesha to practice is a special method of Qingyang Sect. Not many people outside know about it. Xuantiepen is very heavy and Xuantiesha is also very heavy. Use Xuantiepen on Xuantiesha Drawing talismans on the sand table is almost the same as when actually making talismans. Therefore, this method will allow the disciples to adapt to the weight in advance. When they make talisman in the future, the success rate will be improved. A big improvement.

As for some iron talismans, jade talismans and other talismans, when these talismans are made, they actually use talisman knives. The monks use the talisman knife to carve the talismans directly on those materials. This process is also Done in one go, you must not stop at noon, otherwise the making of the talisman will fail. This is why some low-level monks cannot make high-level talismans. It is impossible for them to have the ability to support the production of the entire talisman. of.

Of course, this does not mean that you can make a jade talisman by just taking a piece of jade. This is absolutely wrong. For a real talisman maker, when he gets a piece of jade, he must first look at it. Is it possible to make talisman? Making talisman is different from making jade slips. To make jade slips, you need to drive a magic circle into the jade. This magic circle can store some words, so it is very simple to make. And Making jade talismans is different. Making jade talismans is completely different. When making jade talismans, all the energy contained in the jade talismans is on the runes, and the runes are to be engraved on the jade. The runes can If the jade cannot be completely carved, it depends on whether the jade tendons in the jade are complete and whether they can withstand the energy of the runes. Therefore, the requirements for making jade talismans are very high. Compared with ordinary jade slips, That's completely different.

Jade also has tendons, but ordinary people can't see it, and the iron talisman is the same. The metal used to make the iron talisman is also refined through a special method. It is a special method. Those who make it The materials of the iron talisman are also ribbed. It can be said that these materials are very rare.

It is precisely because of this that some high-level talismans here in Qingyang Sect are no less than high-level magical weapons. Therefore, people in Qingyang Sect attach great importance to such things. Qingyang Sect Disciples, in addition to daily practice, practicing talisman making is also their main training project.

The children in this courtyard were practicing making talismans. Although these disciples were disciples of the Qingyang Sect, when they saw Uncle Qi wearing servant clothes, they all stood up and saluted to Uncle Qi. Uncle Qi also nodded towards them, and then quickly entered the second courtyard.

When you enter the second courtyard, there are all separate small courtyards. No one knows the situation in those small courtyards. The small courtyards are all equipped with walls to separate the small courtyards from the outside world, so the people in the small courtyards are No one really knows what he is doing, and the people living in these small courtyards are all registered disciples of Zeng Yang. Just like Le Wenzhen, there is a small courtyard here, but you can live here, and You can live outside, but this small courtyard will always be reserved for you.

Entering the third courtyard, there are only a few large courtyards. The people living here are all Zeng Yang's formal disciples. These people have a very high status. Now entering the third courtyard, there are only five large courtyards, that is, He said that there were only five formal disciples of Zeng Yang, and they rarely saw people. They were either practicing or doing tasks, and rarely came out.

After these three courtyards, the courtyard at the back belonged to Zeng Yang. Zeng Yang occupied two courtyards himself. The first courtyard was where he received outsiders and preached to his disciples. There was a square here. There are small buildings, but Zeng Yang would not stay here normally. Of course, other disciples cannot enter here at will.

As soon as you enter the courtyard at the back, that's where Zeng Yang stays. There is also a small building there. The small building has five floors. The top floor is where Zeng Yang rests. The fourth floor is Zeng Yang's study, which contains There are many books, the third floor is where he makes talismans, the second floor is where he comes to practice and comprehend the exercises, and the first floor is the living room and the place where he meets with foreign guests.

Behind the small building, there is a cave, which is a forbidden area. It is a place where Zeng Yang uses for retreat. It is a place where no one is allowed to go. When entering the courtyard at the end, the only people who can really come in are except Qi Shu. In addition, there are probably only five of his formal disciples. Those five formal disciples will definitely not be able to enter the last courtyard without Zeng Yang's permission. It can be said that they can directly enter the fifth courtyard, and The only one who couldn't report it was Uncle Qi.

Uncle Qi quickly came to the fifth courtyard, entered the small building directly, and then went directly up the small building to the fourth floor. The area on the fourth floor is not small, covering several hundred square meters. There are many bookshelves inside, and those bookshelves are full of books. In the innermost part, there is a desk. The desk is very huge. An old man in green clothes with gray hair is sitting behind the desk. Sitting on the chair, looking at the book in his hand.

Uncle Qi quickly came to the desk, saluted the old man and said, "Master, the old slave is back." Uncle Qi was already a star-level servant, but he was Zeng Yang's old servant since he was a child. He was the old servant who followed Zeng Yang. For Zeng Yang, he was the most trustworthy person, and he had always been loyal to Zeng Yang.

Zeng Yang put down the book in his hand and turned to look at his seventh uncle. He had three strands of beard and he looked gentle, but his eyes were shining brightly, which made people dare not look straight. His strength is even more powerful. Although he is not the top person in Qingyang Sect, he can be regarded as a master in Qingyang Sect.

Zeng Yang looked at Uncle Qi, smiled slightly and said: "Old Qi, you are back, how are things going? Are we defeated this time? It doesn't matter, the enemy attacked us sneakily, and those boys were not prepared, so defeat is inevitable Yes, it’s just a black iron mine, nothing special about it.”

Uncle Qi quickly said to Zeng Yang: "Master, this time we won. Although the enemy attacked us sneakily and killed more than sixty of us at once, the remaining people retreated into the mine. The enemy pursued us. After arriving in the mine, they all killed them, and no one was spared."

When Zeng Yang heard what Uncle Qi said, he was stunned. He thought they were defeated this time, but he didn't expect that they actually won. When he thought of this, Zeng Yang couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Not bad, not bad, very good." Yes, it seems that the Zhang Yiwu recommended by Cao Feng is quite good. Under such circumstances, he can turn defeat into victory. Yes, very good."

He said a few good things in succession. It seemed that he was very happy with this victory and was not as indifferent as he had shown before. Moreover, he thought that this battle must be commanded by Zhang Yiwu. , after all, Zhang Yiwu was the commander of this operation.

There was a strange look on Uncle Qi's face, and he then said: "Master, this action may not have been directed by Zhang Yiwu. Zhang Yiwu is dead. Although I don't know when he died, Zhang Yiwu He is indeed dead, and among the disciples I saw, they were all led by Zhao Ying."

Zeng Yang was stunned for a moment, then he looked at Uncle Qi and said: "Zhao Ying? You mean Zhao Ying? Is that Zhao Ying who is Le Wenzhen's subordinate, the one I am very optimistic about? Is he the main one? Is this impossible? "Zeng Yang still remembers Zhao Hai very clearly. He knows very well that Zhao Hai is Le Wenzhen's subordinate. He will remember Zhao Hai only after killing people from the Wu family, so he wants to give Zhao Hai Zhao Hai took a chance and allowed Zhao Hai to participate in this operation, but he never expected that the last operation seemed to be dominated by Zhao Hai, which he never expected.

Uncle Qi nodded and said: "Yes, master, Zhao Ying is indeed the leader. When I saw those people, Zhao Ying was standing in front of everyone. From the looks of those people, Zhao Hai was also the leader. That's why I have such a guess. I have asked them to write a war report to me when they come to report in three days. When I see their battle report, I will know how they fought this time. It’s happened.”