c7932 Disrespect orders

"Chapter error, click here to report"

Soon the Qianyuan Sect's people separated into several groups and ran to each passage and listened carefully. Then one person said: "Brother, it's the voice in this passage. It seems like they are fighting." The one who spoke The man was standing in Channel 59, and the voice did come from there.

The leader of the Qianyuan Sect waved his hand and said in a deep voice: "Go in." The Qianyuan Sect disciples lined up directly and entered the mine tunnel. They never thought that Zhao Hai and the others would ambush them, because Zhao Hai There are only more than thirty people, and these people should also know that all the people in the manor are finished. In this case, it is too late for them to run away, and they will fight back, so those from the Qianyuan Sect, He didn't take this action seriously.

If the Qianyuan Sect was facing normal people, there would be no problem with such an idea, but this time they were facing Zhao Hai. Their thoughts were terrible. They had never thought of it at all. The enemy would ambush them in this situation, so when they heard the sound they pounced on them without even thinking about it.

At this time, Zhang Yiwu was leading those people to ambush at the first ambush point. He was holding his own weapon in his hand, and his knuckles were a little white. He hated, hated why Zhao Hai could easily kill him. His power was snatched away. He hated, hated those other people for listening to Naughty Hai so much. It was precisely because of this that he wanted to let Zhao Hai and the others know that he was the commander of this operation. The ability is stronger than Zhao Hai.

Just when Zhang Yiwu was thinking about these things, a man who had been lying on the wall of the mine tunnel listening to the sound said: "The enemy should have arrived and will pass us soon." Their location is actually five In Channel 18, there are still half of them in Channel 60. They are making preparations. As long as Zhao Hai gives the order, they will attack immediately, because Zhao Hai must contact Xu Yuan to determine the enemy. s position.

At this time, Xu Yuan's voice came from Zhang Yiwu's communicator, and they heard Xu Yuandao: "Junior brother Zhao, the enemy has begun to pass the first ambush point, and now half of them have passed the ambush point." Yuan has been monitoring the enemy, he is the eyes of everyone.

Before Zhao Hai could speak, Zhang Yiwu suddenly said: "Do it." After saying that, he pressed his left hand hard on the cave wall, and heard a loud bang, and a big hole was punched in the cave wall. Countless rocks were thrown straight at the enemies in the passage. The attack power of the powerful rocks was no worse than that of cannonballs.

Those who followed Zhang Yiwu were stunned when they heard Zhang Yiwu's voice and saw Zhang Yiwu's actions, because Zhao Hai finished saying that he would wait for his order before taking action, but they did not expect that Zhang Yiwu would not listen. Zhao Hai's order was actually acted upon directly.

When Zhang Yiwu moved like this, they had to follow him, because if they didn't move, they would have no chance. Zhang Yiwu's action had exposed their actions, so they had no choice but to take action and follow Zhang Yiwu all the time. Lin Cang immediately picked up the communicator and said: "Senior Brother Zhang took action, and we will take action too." Then a barrier talisman was thrown out, followed by several talisman papers, and was thrown out directly. The others immediately took action, throwing the talismans one after another, and then turned around and retreated into the mine tunnel. Because Zhao Hai told them that they would retreat in one blow and must not be reluctant to fight, so they Then he retreated.

Zhang Yiwu originally wanted to attack, but when he saw that everyone else had retreated, it was absolutely impossible for him to be the opponent of so many people here alone, so he had no choice but to retreat with the others, but his There was a cruel smile on his face. This time he acted privately, not to give Zhao Hai face, but also to tell others that he, Zhao Hai, was not the commander of them, but Zhang Yiwu was.

After Zhao Hai discovered that Zhang Yiwu had made a move and heard Lin Cang's voice, a trace of murderous intent flashed in his eyes. Then he calculated the time, then took out the communication array and said in a deep voice: "Everyone, please tell me Go forward ten feet in the passage, and then take action immediately." The others immediately responded, and then sneaked ten feet straight into Cave No. 58 and No. 60, and then took action directly. After one blow, they immediately Just retreated.

When they retreated, they were almost overtaken by the enemy, but fortunately, two consecutive attacks made the enemy planes more careful. They were not able to catch up quickly, so Zhao Hai and the others took advantage of the geographical advantage to directly attack them. After escaping the enemy's pursuit, Zhao Hai took out his communicator and directly told everyone to gather at C-Zi No. 9 Mine.

The No. 9 Cave C was not very far from their ambush site. Everyone gathered at the No. 9 Cave C a quarter of an hour later. After everyone arrived at the No. 9 Cave C, Zhao Hai ignored everyone, but took out the communication array and whispered to the array: "Brother Xu, what is the enemy's situation? How are the casualties?"

Xu Yuan's voice came: "The enemy lost about fifteen people, most of whom died during the second attack. During the first attack, only three of the enemy died and two were injured. Now the enemy We are treating the wounded and are retreating to Liangzi No. 13 Mine."

Zhao Hai put down the communicator, then turned to look at everyone, and finally his eyes fell on Zhang Yiwu. Zhang Yiwu's face was a little ugly. He knew very well what Xu Yuan's words meant. Zhao Hai and the others that time Dong's attack caused ten casualties, but their attack only caused three deaths and two injuries. This shows that their action failed. This also proves that his command ability is not as good as that of Zhao. Hai, this makes his face look good.

Zhao Hai looked at Zhang Yiwu and then said in a deep voice: "Brother Zhang, I know you are not convinced by me and think I have taken your power, so you have always wanted to take it back, but what is the situation now? We There are only more than thirty people, and even if the enemy lost those people, there are still more than sixty people, almost twice our number. In this case, we should cooperate with all our strength to eliminate the enemy and complete this time mission, so that we people can join the Qingyang Sect instead of sabotaging our actions to seize power. If this is the case, it will be impossible for us to complete this mission, and everyone will lose the opportunity to join the Qingyang Sect. , is this what you want to see? For the sake of the position of commander, you don’t even want the chance to join the Qingyang Sect? "

Zhang Yiwu looked at Zhao Hai and smiled coldly: "You think you are the omnipotent savior. Zhao Ying, you are nothing. You are just a person who joined this operation through the back door. You have What are your abilities? When it comes to seizing power, it seems that you were the first to seize power, right? If you hadn't seized power and issued orders first, do you think you would be the commander? Don't forget, I am the commander of this operation."

"This time the sect's designated commander is indeed you, but you must also have that ability. What did you do when you were attacked at the manor? Didn't I give you a chance to speak? It was you who had been talking for a long time. I had no choice but to give the order. Do I want to watch everyone be wiped out by the enemy? Zhang Yiwu, Zhang Yiwu, you really are not worthy of being a commander. If you want to command so much, then I will give you a chance, Zhang Yiwu. , tell me what we should do next. If what you say makes sense, then I will give up the position of commander immediately and listen to you directly. If what you say is wrong, then don’t blame me for being rude. This time you disobey the command, I will tell you carefully." Zhao Hai looked at Zhang Yiwu calmly.

Everyone else also looked at Zhang Yiwu. They were a little curious. What did Zhang Yiwu mean when he said that Zhao Hai had to go through the back door to participate in this operation? In addition, Zhao Hai's two operations were only the second operation. When he took action, he didn't show any special strength, so they couldn't help but become suspicious.

Now that Zhao Hai said this, they all naturally looked at Zhang Yiwu. They wanted to know how Zhang Yiwu would command them next. Zhang Yiwu glanced at Zhao Hai, sneered, and said in a deep voice: "Don't think that you are the only one who can command. If I, Zhang Yiwu, were incompetent, would the sect let me be the commander? Now the enemy is trapped in word C The mine is on the 13th, and there are only more than thirty of them. We can attack with all our strength and eliminate all the enemies in the mine in one fell swoop. Then we can turn around and deal with the people in the manor. The enemy, then our mission this time is considered completed, is there anything difficult about it?"

When others heard Zhang Yiwu's words, they were all a little disappointed, because what Zhang Yiwu said was what all of them could think of, and Zhao Hai's previous command, although it seemed very simple, was something that none of them expected. , so they all involuntarily turned their attention to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Zhang Yiwu, shook his head with great pity, and then said in a deep voice: "Senior Brother Zhang, I said that your command ability is not good, and you are still not convinced, so be it, then I will tell you my plan, the enemy is The people of the Qianyuan Sect, and looking at the way the enemy moves, we know that they already had a very detailed plan before attacking. They have a unified command, so it is impossible for them to not have a communicator. This communicator is not What a top-secret thing. I think they must have a communicator in their hands. After our attack this time, they retreated to Mine No. 13. Do you think they don’t know how to use a communicator? Are the enemies in the manor asking for help?”

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused and glanced at everyone. Seeing everyone's contemplative look, he then continued: "They will definitely ask for help from the helpers in the manor, and the enemies in the manor are now It is also when nothing happens, they will definitely come to the rescue. If we attack the enemies in the mine at this time, how will we face the reinforcements? By then we will be attacked from both sides. Not only will the enemies run away, but we will also I'm afraid there will be considerable losses, and then we will be even less able to deal with the enemy."

"Add bookmarks for easy reading"