c7935 Dharma

Lin Cang took Zhang Yiwu and said in a deep voice: "Okay, no problem, let's go." After saying that, he led everyone directly to the top of the cave and disappeared. After Zhao Hai saw them disappear, he went there With a smile, he walked forward along the No. 64 mine. He did not suppress the sound of his footsteps, so his footsteps could be heard far away in the empty mine.

The people of the Qianyuan Sect now know that there are only so many people left, and they are all trapped in the mine. Although they want to leave through the mine tunnel, they have encountered several people in the mine tunnel before. The attack gave them a sense of fear about the mine. It can be said that now they really don't dare to leave the mine easily.

The disciples of the Qianyuan Sect were also at a loss to deal with this situation. He really had no choice. They were not familiar with the mine tunnel. Now sending people out to explore the road would be tantamount to letting people die. And now they only have There are more than forty people. If they send people out and are killed by the other party, then they will be at a disadvantage in terms of numbers. Then the enemy can directly attack them. This is something he absolutely does not want to see. of.

To be honest, they never thought that this would happen in this operation. They had been preparing for this operation for some time. Not only did they not act according to the prescribed time, but they acted in advance, and they They also thought about a lot of plans and made a lot of preparations for what they should do if they encountered any attack from the enemy.

Their operation was indeed very smooth at the beginning. They killed more than 60 people in one fell swoop. It could be said that they had an absolute upper hand. Originally, they thought that this operation was already a sure thing, but they did not expect that the remaining The enemy did not admit defeat, but entered the mine directly. They did not take it seriously at first, thinking that with their absolutely superior force, there would be absolutely no problem in chasing the enemy, but they did not expect that, After they entered the mine, the situation completely changed.

First, the team of twenty people lost contact immediately, and then they were attacked again. When they retreated to the mine and asked people from outside to pick them up, the people who came to pick them up were attacked again. Only three people escaped, and now they are trapped in Chou City, with no way out.

At this time, a monk who was monitoring the mine tunnel where the three people escaped suddenly said: "Brother, there is a voice." The leading disciple of the Qianyuan Sect was stunned for a moment, and then he moved and immediately arrived at the mine. At the entrance, listen carefully to the sounds in the mine tunnel.

I heard footsteps coming from the mine tunnel. The footsteps were not hurried or slow, as if a person was taking a walk. He was slowly walking here. This made the leader of the Qianyuan Sect also frown. He frowned, knowing that there were more than thirty people on the other side, and he even suspected that the other side might have more people. Otherwise, why could they attack them one after another? He suspected that the other side had lied about the number of people, which made him very angry.

But now there was only one footsteps in the mine, which made him feel very strange. Why was there only one person on the other side? At this moment, the footsteps suddenly disappeared, and he couldn't help but be stunned, and at the same time he became vigilant. At this moment, he heard a voice saying: "Everyone from the Qianyuan Sect, as long as you surrender and admit defeat, then How about we spare your lives?"

This voice was very peaceful. Even if it echoed through the mine, the voice reached their ears clearly. The leader of the Qianyuan Sect was stunned for a moment when he heard the voice, and then he snorted coldly. : "It's still unclear who will win. Isn't it too early for you to say this now? Also, you people from the Qingyang Sect don't follow the rules. You agreed that each side would send a hundred people. You sent out I’m afraid the number of people is more than a hundred, right?”

The calm voice came at one time and said: "Hahaha, this senior brother of Qianyuan Sect, you are wrong. We indeed only sent a hundred people, not one more, not even one." Master, the attacks you encountered later were all done by the rest of us. You don’t have to doubt this. As for the Qianyuan Sect, it seems that you did not attack us at the scheduled time. Bar?"

The leader of the Qianyuan Sect couldn't help but blush slightly when he heard the calm voice say this, but he still said: "I don't believe there are only a hundred of you. After all, a soldier never tires of deception. Let's do this." There is something wrong, we are here now, if you have the guts, come and attack us."

"Hahahaha, everyone from the Qianyuan Sect, there is actually no hatred between us. It's just a gambling fight. Do you still dare to come out of that mine now? We don't have to attack you at all. We just need to stay in the mine. Outside the cave, if you come out, we will kill one of you. If you come out together, we can slowly grind you to death. Even if you come out of the mine, how many of you will be left? When we attack you, do you think you will lose or win? If I were you, you would have surrendered long ago."

"Stop talking nonsense and attack if you have the guts. Otherwise, we will definitely break out of this mine." The leader of the Qianyuan Sect said loudly. He knew that the other party was using a tactic to attack people's hearts, but But he had no choice, because what the other party said was very reasonable, and this was what they were most worried about.

At this moment, I heard the voice say: "Hahahaha, I don't want to attack you at all now, I just want to trap you all the time." Before he could finish his words, everyone in the Qianyuan Sect started. Hearing a sudden rustling sound above their heads, they looked up and found a man covered in blood rushing toward them. They were stunned for a moment, and then reacted immediately. Attacked that person.

Now their nerves are highly tense. Under this situation, as soon as they see a person, no matter what the person looks like, they will attack immediately, let alone such a person who is covered in blood. When the magic weapon and spell hit the man, he saw a burst of white light suddenly appear on the man, and then heard a loud bang, and the man exploded directly.

Then the man exploded, and the entire cave was hit by energy waves. Countless Qianyuan Sect disciples were killed directly, and some were blown out even if they were not killed. A few people fell directly into the mine tunnel, and more people hit the cave wall directly, and were knocked unconscious all the time.

At this moment, Lin Cang and the others' attacks arrived. Three waves of talisman attacks at the same time made it impossible for anyone in the mine to stand up. Then Lin Cang and the others rushed directly into the mine. Although this At that time, the mine was full of dust and gravel, but this had no impact on Lin Cang and the others. They only needed a simple spell to separate the dust, and they only needed to use their mental power , you can lock the enemy's position and directly hit the enemy.

But the person who led the Qianyuan Sect was directly hit by the energy wave into the No. 64 mine tunnel. He was also hit hard. When he got up from the mine tunnel, he found that he was following him. , there was only one person, and his expression couldn't help but change. At this moment, the sound of footsteps came again. When he turned around, he found a person walking towards them, very close to them.

The Qianyuan Sect monk looked at Zhao Hai who was slowly walking over. Zhao Hai also looked at the two Qianyuan Sect monks. There were no injuries on either of them, but they looked very embarrassed. Zhao Hai looked at them. Looking at the two of them, he smiled slightly and said: "How do you two? I told you to surrender before, but you didn't do it. Do you regret it now?"

The leader of the Qianyuan Sect turned his head to look at the dusty mine, then turned to look at Zhao Hai. His eyes immediately turned red. He looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Okay, what a good Qingyang." Zong, it’s really powerful, but I won’t make it easy for you.” After saying that, his body shook, and a big black snake appeared around his body, and he actually revealed his Dharma form.

When the disciple who was following him saw what he was doing, he swayed and released his dharma form. His dharma form was actually a wild boar. This wild boar was very huge, with long hair all over its body and two The long fangs are protruding, and it looks very ferocious.

When Zhao Hai saw that the two people actually released the Dharma, he couldn't help but laugh and said: "Okay, let's have a fair fight." After saying that, his body swayed, and a giant ape appeared on him. After the giant ape appeared, it immediately let out a roar, and then pounced on it, one pig and one snake.

The giant python and the wild boar also rushed towards the giant ape. The giant ape stretched out his hands and grabbed the wild boar's fangs with one hand, while punching him with the other hand. on the head of the giant python, and then he saw that the hand holding the wild boar's tusk exerted a lot of force. The wild boar's tusk was broken directly by him, and the one he punched The giant python that had been beaten back unexpectedly pounced at this time. The half of the wild boar tusk in the giant ape's hand penetrated directly into the giant python's body. The giant python was in pain, but it wrapped around it directly. It reached the giant ape, but the giant ape fell forward directly, and immediately pressed on the wild boar. Then his body suddenly turned around a few times, and unexpectedly escaped from the entanglement of the giant python. After being freed, he grabbed the giant python, used it as a whip, and hit the wild boar at once.

The wild boar was knocked away by this blow, and the giant python was immediately dizzy. The giant ape was not ready to let them go. It attacked several times in succession, still using the giant python as a whip, and beat the wild boar. Flying around, the giant python seemed to have completely lost its will at this time.

Finally, the giant python and the wild boar disappeared at the same time, revealing the two monks of the Qianyuan Sect who had fainted. The giant ape also disappeared at this time, revealing Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai looked at the two people with a long expression. He took a breath, then glanced at the two people on the ground, with a smile on his face.