c7943 support

"Yes, senior brother." Zhao Hai responded immediately. He really didn't expect that this kind of magic circle would have such an effect and could be directly added to their skills. In this way, After he goes back, he must handle this matter properly. If he doesn't handle it well, people from the Qingyang Sect may find something wrong.

Le Wenzhen looked at Zhao Hai, nodded, and said in a deep voice: "This matter is actually very simple. The things they gave you are not lacking. Those things were given to you by the sect, and they will be given to you by the master in the future." I will give you some rewards, okay, let’s not talk about this anymore, I saw you guys were having a meeting before, what were you talking about?”

When Zhao Hai heard what Le Wen said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then immediately said: "Brother, because we completed that task together before, we formed a small alliance at that time to decide together what will happen in the future. Son, we want to advance and retreat together, now that we have all joined the sect, and all of us have joined the Xuanfu lineage, we are naturally very happy, so we all discussed together what to do next."

When Le Wenzhen heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Not bad, very good. I didn't expect that you guys actually formed an alliance. Very good. Work hard." Le Wen really said I really didn't expect this, that's why I said this.

Zhao Hai responded, and Le Wenzhen then said to Zhao Hai: "Zhao Ying, in the next period of time, you must perform well. If you can really make Master accept you as a registered disciple, then you will definitely get The old man gave you personal guidance, and he might even reward you with a new body-building technique, which would be of greater benefit to you."

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then smiled bitterly, and then said in a deep voice: "Brother, I'm afraid this is not easy. I'm afraid it's very difficult for the Lord to accept you as my disciple. After all, I'm just a casual cultivator. Born." Zhao Hai's words are true. If he can really get Zeng Yang to accept him as a registered disciple in a short period of time, I am afraid it will attract the attention of many people, which will only cause more trouble.

Le Wenzhen shook his head, then smiled slightly and said: "You don't have to think so, Master appreciates you very much, especially after this incident, he appreciates you even more. Master, he has a habit, If he admires someone, he will actually give that person more tasks. As long as he can complete the tasks, the reward will not be small. I believe it will be the same this time. If Master gives you tasks in the near future, it means that he appreciates you very much. This is a better opportunity for you. As long as the tasks you complete can satisfy Master, you will definitely be appreciated by Master. It will not be difficult to become his disciple by then. "

Zhao Hai responded, Le Wenzhen looked at Zhao Hai and said with a smile: "Are you very curious, why do I help you so much and help you become Master's registered disciple? What is the benefit to me? Then you will follow It doesn't seem to do me any good to be an equal, does it?"

Zhao Hai responded: "Yes, senior brother, I am indeed very curious." He did not pretend to be stupid on purpose. Le Wenzhen had already spoken to this extent. If he was pretending to be stupid, then he would be really sorry. Le Wenzhen was serious, so he told the truth. He really wanted to see what Le Wenzhen said.

Le Wenzhen smiled slightly and said: "When I help you like this, I am actually helping myself. If you are really capable, then you can become Master's disciple regardless of whether I help you or not. If I don't help you, you can become Master's disciple." If you say so, it will offend you, and it will be even more disadvantageous for me."

Just as Zhao Hai was about to speak, Le Wenzhen waved his hand and said, "You don't have to say it. I know you might say that you won't blame me, but just because you say it now doesn't mean you won't think that way in the future. Instead of saying that when the time comes, I want you to hate me, why don't I help you now and make you appreciate me. When you become Master's registered disciple, you will also have a good relationship with me. Two registered disciples who form an alliance will always be better than each other. It would be good for Shan Shi, a registered disciple, to come, right?"

When Zhao Hai heard what Le Wen really said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he immediately understood what Le Wen really meant. If Zhao Hai didn't guess wrong, then Zeng Yang was really interested in him, and Le Wen I really discovered this, so I made a favor and bought a good boy from Zhao Hai. In other words, Zeng Yang might give him a task in the near future. Le Wen really knew about it, so he deliberately came here. Saying that just to make him feel something for him, this might be one of them.

The second is that Le Wenzhen's life should be difficult now. He should not have much power of his own in Qingyang Sect. Zhao Hai already knows this. Le Wenzhen really does not want to lose Zhao Hai as his subordinate. In other words, allies, as Le Wenzhen said, it is indeed very beneficial for him to have a subordinate like Zhao Hai, but if he has a named disciple like Zhao Hai as an ally, it will be even more beneficial to him. , not to mention, Zhao Hai has a very good relationship with Lin Cang and the others. With people like Lin Cang here, what Le Wenzhen and Zhao Hai want to do in the future will only be easier.

Of course, there is one more thing, that is the existence of the Gujian Gang. Le Wenzhen has always known about the existence of the Gujian Gang. Zhao Hai is now the leader of the Gujian Gang. What will happen to Zhao Hai in the future? Gujian Won't the gang help him? It will definitely not happen. The Gujian Gang will definitely help Zhao Hai when the time comes. Then he will have a force in his hands, which will be more beneficial to him, so he Only now will he be so active in wooing Zhao Hai.

But of course Zhao Hai would not say it out loud. He immediately responded and said: "Yes, senior brother, I understand. Thank you very much, senior brother. If I really become a registered disciple one day, I will definitely follow my senior brother's lead. Please rest assured, senior brother." Of course, Zhao Hai would not let go of this opportunity to show his loyalty.

Le Wenzhen nodded, and then he said: "Okay, it's best if you think so. I won't treat you badly. You go back first. Remember, after you go back, you must be with the others." Maintain a good relationship with those who enter the sect with you, and they will be your helpers in the future."

Zhao Hai responded, then exited Le Wenzhen's room, and finally slowly walked out of the courtyard. When he arrived outside the courtyard, he walked out of the courtyard and directly returned to the courtyard where the outer disciples lived. However, when When he entered the courtyard where the outer disciples lived, he very keenly discovered that the eyes of some of the outer disciples in the courtyard had completely changed when they looked at him. There was actually envy in their eyes.

Zhao Hai glanced at those people, said nothing, and went back to his room. As soon as he returned to the room, he found that Lin Cang and Xu Shi were still there, but everyone else was gone. Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then said to Lin Cang and Xu Shi: "Why are you two the only ones here? Where are the others?"

Lin Cang smiled bitterly and said: "The others were all asked away by their masters. We also went, but we just came back. From this point of view, your master cares about you the most and is the first one to come. I called you." Xu Shi also nodded, with a look of disappointment on his face.

Zhao Hai said with some surprise: "What's wrong? Two senior brothers, don't your lords still pay attention to you? Their lord?" Zhao Hai really doesn't know much about the people behind them. But judging from the current situation, many of them may be from the same named disciple, but they don't know each other.

Lin Cang and Xu Shi smiled bitterly, and then Lin Cang and Xu Shi sighed softly. Lin Cang said: "The two of us are actually descended from the same master, and our two masters are the true descendants of His Holiness. Disciple, true disciple, to be honest, it really surprised us, but it also gave us a huge headache."

Xu Shi also nodded, and then smiled bitterly and said: "The two of us are true disciples, so they don't pay much attention to us. They just called us over, said a few words and asked us to come back. It is conceivable that the two of us will probably only be able to exist in this state among the outer disciples in the future."

What they said made Zhao Hai stunned. He really didn't expect that Lin Cang and Xu Shi's adults were actually the same person, and their adults were actually true disciples. This seemed to be a good thing. But looking at the two of them now, it seems that it's not a good thing. This really surprised Zhao Hai.

Lin Cang looked at Zhao Hai, smiled bitterly and said: "Do you think that it is a good thing for us two adults that we are true disciples? In fact, it is not like that. Although our two adults are true disciples, Disciple, but for the two of us, it is definitely not a good thing, because if Sir, if he uses people for something, those outer disciples will be enough, and he will not care about us at all. Although we are already outer disciples, We are disciples, but our strength is far behind other outer disciples, so you have better candidates, so there is no need to use the two of us. What happened this time, but It's just that the adults gave us one last chance because of our past friendship, and we were just very lucky to seize it."

Zhao Hai really didn't know what to say. Lin Cang's words were really beyond his expectation, but anyway, he already knew the details of Lin Cang and Xu Shi, which was also a good thing for him. , when he thought of this, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Okay, you two don't have to pretend there anymore. This is definitely a good thing for you. As long as you work harder in the future, then who The adults will naturally see it. As long as that adult says a word, you might become a registered disciple. Isn't this a good thing for you?"

Lin Cang and Xu Shi smiled bitterly, but neither of them said anything. Maybe in their opinion, their current situation is indeed very difficult for Zhao Hai to understand, but for them, it is actually very good. They understood, but they couldn't explain anything to Zhao Hai, they could only feel bored in their hearts.