c7940 getting Started

With a flash of white light, Zhao Hai appeared on a teleportation array. When he could see the surroundings clearly, he found that he had appeared in a very huge teleportation square, surrounded by some Qing Yang wearing Tsing Yi. Sect disciples, these people are coming in and out of the teleportation array, making this place seem very busy.

At this time, he heard a voice saying: "Zhao Ying, right? Come and gather here quickly." Zhao Hai followed the voice and found that there was a group of people standing there on the edge of the teleportation array square, with the leader There were two disciples in Tsing Yi. Behind the two disciples in Tsing Yi, Lin Cang and the others were standing.

Zhao Hai quickly walked over, saluted the two Qingyang Sect disciples and said: "Zhao Ying pays homage to the two senior brothers." He knew that these two Qingyang Sect disciples must be Qingyang Sect He was scheduled to pick them up, so he naturally didn't dare to be rude to these two people.

The two disciples also returned the gift. They were just outer disciples of Qingyang Sect, and Zhao Hai and the others would soon become outer disciples, so they did not dare to be rude to Zhao Hai and the others, so Zhao Hai was right to call them senior brothers. Zhao Hai saluted them, and they would naturally return the salute.

After returning the gift, one of the disciples said to Zhao Hai: "Junior brother, please wait here for a moment. After everyone else arrives, we will leave together. From today on, you will belong to our Xuanfu lineage." After saying that, He motioned to Zhao Hai to stand next to Lin Cang and the others.

Zhao Hai responded and quickly stood over. He knew very well that the lineage of Xuanfu that the man was talking about should refer to Zeng Yang's lineage. Zeng Yang was nicknamed Venerable Xuanfu, so his lineage was called The Xuanfu lineage was also normal, but this made him a little curious. He really didn't know that there were so many lines within the Qingyang Sect.

As soon as Zhao Hai stood up, one of the two Qingyang Sect disciples said: "By the way, Junior Brother Zhao Ying, please give me your report on the last mission." Zhao Hai was stunned, but he immediately He took out a jade slip and handed it to the Qingyang Sect disciple, and then saluted Lin Cang and the others with cupped fists.

Lin Cang and the others also saluted Zhao Hai, and it could be seen that the expressions on their faces were now a little more relaxed. Zhao Hai looked at them and didn't say anything. He just gestured with his eyes, indicating that there were outsiders now and they couldn't say anything more.

Lin Cang and the others were not inexperienced in martial arts, and they immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant, so they didn't say anything more. Everyone just stood there with calm faces and stopped talking. The same was true for everyone else. , This really surprised the two Qingyang Sect disciples, but they just thought that Zhao Hai and the others were just a little nervous, that's why they were like this.

After a while, people arrived one after another, and soon the remaining thirty-six people arrived. After everyone arrived, the two Qingyang Sect disciples led Zhao directly. Hai and the others sat on a small teleportation array next to them, and then with a flash of light, everyone disappeared.

By the time the servants appeared, they had already arrived at a small square. This small square was just outside a courtyard wall. It was inside a cave. Behind Zhao Hai and the others, there was a medicine field. Behind it is a large cave entrance, and inside the small square, there is a very high courtyard wall.

While Zhao Hai was looking around, the two Qingyang Sect disciples who led Zhao Hai and the others here said: "You remember, you will be members of our Xuanfu lineage from now on, and this is the Xuanfu Cave. , is the residence of our Xuandong lineage. In Qingyang Sect, every monk who has reached the ordination level can create a lineage on his own and become the leader of the lineage."

"As for our Xuanfu lineage, it is the line opened by Venerable Xuanfu. At the door of our Xuanfu Cave, there is the word Xuanfu written on it. We will distribute clothes to you soon. All clothes will be marked with The word "Xuanfu" is to tell others that you are from the Xuanfu lineage. The medicine fields outside are all taken care of by some servants. Don't worry about them. The real residence of our Xuanfu lineage is in this courtyard. Inside." After saying that, the two pointed to the large yard in front of them.

Zhao Hai and the others listened attentively. The two men glanced at Zhao Hai and the others, and then said solemnly: "We know that you used to be considered members of the Qingyang Sect, but you are still a little different from us disciples of the Qingyang Sect. Yes, but now you are the official disciples of our Qingyang Sect, and you are also from the Xuanfu lineage, but you also remember that you cannot be regarded as the disciples of Master Xuanfu, or even him. Old man's registered disciples, when you become a registered disciple, it will all depend on your performance."

Having said this, the two people paused for a moment, and then led the two people to walk inside. As they walked inside, they said: "You can only be regarded as ordinary outer disciples of Qingyang Sect now. In Qingyang Sect, , the disciples are also divided into levels. There are servant disciples. These disciples are the lowest level disciples. They are actually servants. They are given the title of disciple, but it just sounds nice to say it. Then there are the peripheral disciples. There are two types of peripheral disciples. , one is the peripheral disciples in the sect. These peripheral disciples are promoted from the servant disciples. They already have a certain strength, but have not yet reached the level of the outer disciples, so they are called peripheral disciples. The two types of peripheral disciples are just like you before. They are some disciples in the sect who recruit people from outside. They are also called peripheral disciples, but they have no chance to enter the sect. Their status is not very high. Above the peripheral disciples, there are the outer disciples, but this outer disciple refers to the ordinary outer disciples. In other words, your cultivation has reached the level of three talents, but no elder has taken a fancy to you, and no one has accepted you. You are a disciple, so you are just ordinary outer disciples. Furthermore, if an elder takes a fancy to you and accepts you as a registered disciple, then although your status is still an outer disciple, it will be completely different. Well, the sect generally calls such outer sect disciples named disciples. Regardless of the named disciples of that elder, they are all named disciples. Only elders whose strength has reached a star level or above are qualified to accept named disciples. Disciples, elders with star strength or above, if they want to accept disciples, they can only become his true disciples, but the status of those disciples is not very high in the sect."

"Speaking of this, you may already know that after the named disciples, there should be true disciples. Every true disciple has a very high status in the sect, especially the true disciples of His Holiness, in the sect. The status in the sect is even higher, and the venerable old man can only accept some true disciples. As for the core disciples with the highest status in the sect, only the sect master or some supreme elders are qualified to accept them. Yes, you generally don't see such disciples, have you seen it? The medicine fields here grow some high-level medicinal materials, and the people who look at this medicine field are the peripheral disciples of the sect. Their The talent is good and the strength is also good. It is possible to become an outer disciple like us in the future." As he said this, he walked towards a courtyard inside.

Another disciple also said: "The courtyard inside is the real core area of ​​our Xuanfu lineage. From us to the Venerable and his family, everyone lives there, but we are only outer disciples. , are not registered disciples, so we can only live in the first courtyard we enter. We cannot enter the courtyards we enter at will. Even if we enter, we can only enter the second courtyard. , the people who live there are registered disciples, the most we can do is go there, and we are not qualified to enter inside."

But another disciple glanced at Zhao Hai and the others, then smiled slightly and said: "I know that all junior brothers may have some relationship with those registered disciples, but don't think that just because you are also outer disciples, you can be on an equal footing with those registered disciples. Well, let me tell you, it’s far from it. Those registered disciples have their own residences outside the cave. Some of them will only come back to stay for a few days after a long time. But we outer disciples, But I can only live here."

Everyone responded, and at the same time their hearts trembled. They originally thought that by becoming outer disciples, they could be on an equal footing with their former masters. But now it seems that things are not that simple. Fortunately, they did not deal with them before. Those adults are rude, otherwise I might be really in trouble.

Now Zhao Hai almost knows how Qingyang Sect operates. In fact, it is similar to that of ordinary cultivation sects. It is also divided into servant disciples, peripheral disciples, outer disciples, registered disciples, true disciples, core disciples, and elders. , but here in Qingyang Sect, servant disciples are actually servants. Just to sound nice, the word disciple is added. Just like Wu Yang and the others, they are servant disciples, but they are different from the casual cultivators outside. Almost, the strength is not that strong. The peripheral disciples are the same as Zhao Hai and the others. They are a little stronger than the servant disciples, but I am afraid they will not get much true inheritance from Qingyang Sect. They have to be cultivated by Qingyang Sect. , just the lowest level thug.

The subsequent outer disciples are the official disciples of Qingyang Sect. They can obtain the Qingyang Sect's patriarchal teachings, but what they get should not be good exercises, because they are only outer disciples, and they are still outer disciples without a master. , they can be said to be the lowest level among the official disciples of Qingyang Sect.

As for registered disciples, they are disciples that can only be accepted by a sect's ordained elders. These disciples have some strength and talent, but they do not meet the requirements of those elders, so those elders only accept them as registered disciples, and they can only be above star level. Only elders who are above the star level can accept named disciples. Elders below the star level can only accept true disciples. However, those elders below the star level cannot start their own lineage. The status of the true disciples they accept will not be that high. Go, according to Zhao Hai's estimation, it would be good to be equal to registered disciples like Le Wenzhen and others, but maybe not as good as them.