c7941 Welfare

And inside are some real true disciples of the Qingyang Sect. The masters of these true disciples should generally be masters of the precept level. They are masters who can start their own lineage in the Qingyang Sect. They are in Qingyang. The status of the sect should also be very high, and it can be said to be the real power of the Qingyang sect.

However, it is impossible for a master of the precept level to accept core disciples. In Qingyang Sect, core disciples are a sign of status and should also be a sign of strength. Only a small number of them have extremely high talents and strength. Only extremely strong disciples can become core disciples, and the masters of these core disciples, only the sect master or the Supreme Elder of Qingyang Sect, are qualified to accept core disciples. It can be said that these core disciples will be the most powerful disciples of Qingyang Sect in the future. Strong presence.

As for the opening of channels mentioned here, it should refer to those who are powerful. They can open a channel of their own in the sect, recruit disciples by themselves, and teach those disciples their own skills. You must know the skills of each one. They all have different understandings. The same set of exercises will have different effects if practiced by different people. Therefore, the people who open the pulse may also teach the Qingyang Sect's exercises, but there are many things in this exercise. He understood it himself.

But Zhao Hai is a little strange now, because he listened to the two disciples for a long time, and he didn't hear them mention the Qingyang Sect's lower house. In Wanshan Realm, every sect does not have an upper house and a lower house. Is it divided? The place where Zhao Hai came this time should be the upper courtyard of Qingyang Sect, because this is the main hall of Qingyang Sect, so of course this is the upper courtyard of Qingyang Sect, and the lower courtyard of Qingyang Sect should be there. Some disciples and some gangs established help Qingyang Sect manage the people under Qingyang Sect's rule.

But Zhao Hai has not heard the two people mention the matter of the Lower House until now. In fact, Zhao Hai has not seen a single civilian until now, even in areas like Linyuan Town, where casual cultivators live. There are no civilians, let alone the existence of a country, so Zhao Hai is very interested in the country here in Wanshan Realm.

But Zhao Hai did not ask these questions. He knew very well that these things may be the most basic things for people in Wanshan Realm. Everyone knows that if he asks, it may cause those People are suspicious, so he must not ask now.

Just when Zhao Hai was thinking about these things, they had arrived at the courtyard where the outer disciples lived. The courtyard was very large and had many rooms. There were many people in the courtyard now, practicing drawing talismans on the sand table. The disciple who was practicing drawing talismans saw the two of them coming in and immediately nodded and greeted them. The two people also greeted them while returning the salute. Finally, they led Zhao Hai and the others to several rooms and said in a deep voice: "This is it." The six rooms are yours. There are six rooms in each room, one for each person. As for your clothes and other things, someone will come to bring them to you in a while. You can choose a room by yourself." After that, he turned around and left. .

When Zhao Hai saw that the two of them were about to leave, he hurriedly raised his fists towards them and said, "Thank you two senior brothers. Two senior brothers, I wonder if I can know their names. We are led by these two senior brothers." Come, we will naturally get closer and closer in the future." Zhao Hai has just joined the Qingyang Sect, so he naturally hopes to have a good relationship with the disciples of the Qingyang Sect.

When the two brothers heard what Zhao Hai said, they couldn't help but look at each other, and then one of them said: "Of course there is no problem. From now on we will be brothers. My name is Zhou Xing, and his name is Zheng Yang." Zhao Hai and the others hurriedly said He saluted and thanked the two of them, and they returned the salute before turning and leaving.

Watching the two people leave, Zhao Hai and the others looked at each other, and then Zhao Hai whispered: "Choose a room first." Everyone didn't say anything, and they all entered the room. This room was really good. Entering the door is a living room. This living room is not very big, but it is not considered a small team. The living room is surrounded by doors. Because their rooms here only have one floor, there should be separate rooms in those rooms. .

Everyone began to choose rooms. In fact, all the rooms were the same. They were very simple inside. Each room only had one bedroom and one clean room. There was nothing else. The bedrooms were of course used for training and cultivation. You are practicing, and the clean room is a place for you to take a shower or a convenient place.

Precisely because the rooms were all the same, everyone chose a room. Soon all six rooms were filled. Everyone found a suitable room. The room Zhao Hai chose was in the middle of the six rooms. , he was in a large room with Lin Cang, Xu Yuan, Huang Xiang, Xu Shi and another person.

When everyone was assigned to rooms, they heard a voice saying: "All new disciples, come to the courtyard." Zhao Hai and the others hurriedly walked out of the room and saw people standing in the courtyard. A disciple of the Qingyang Sect wearing Tsing Yi, but the Tsing Yi of this Qing Yang Sect disciple is a bit special, because there are six characters embroidered on his Tsing Yi, Qing Yang, Outer Sect Steward. There is a rune between the four words Qingyang and Outer Sect Steward.

Zhao Hai and the others all stood there, looking at this person, who also looked at Zhao Hai and the others. He seemed to be counting the number of people. When he found that everyone had arrived, he nodded towards Zhao Hai and the others and said: " Okay, everyone is here, this is what the sect gave you, take it and practice it yourself." After saying that, he took out a lot of space bags and gave them directly to Zhao Hai and the others. Zhao Hai They quickly took it, and there was exactly one for each of them.

After the man gave the space bag to Zhao Hai and the others, he said: "Everyone has an identity card. If you input a trace of your own spiritual power into the identity card, the sect's magic circle will not harm you in the future. Yes, there are also sect rules and maps. You must memorize them. All the red areas on the map are not places you can go. If you dare to go to those places, you will definitely be killed. Be careful. .”

After saying that, he turned around and left. Zhao Hai and the others stood there holding the space bags, looking at each other. Zhao Hai turned to look at the other outer disciples and found that all the outer disciples were smiling at them. Pointing, as if watching the fun, Zhao Hai knew that he couldn't ask them anything at this time. If he did, he might not get any good results. He immediately whispered: "Reply to yourself first." We need to go to our room, get the ID badges, and read the sect rules. Then everyone goes to our room, and we have to discuss the next thing."

No one objected, and they also felt that the disciples of Qingyang Sect didn't seem to have any good impressions of them, so they stopped asking those people and immediately returned to their rooms, and Zhao Hai also returned to himself. As soon as he returned to the room, he immediately took out the space bag, and then took a look at the contents of the space bag.

There are not many things in this space bag. A piece of green clothing is the kind of blue clothing worn by Qingyang Sect disciples. It is gentle and very strong. Zhao Hai can also feel a trace of energy fluctuations in this green clothing. , it seems to be a robe, an identity token, three jade slips, a bottle of elixir, a small bottle of ink, a talisman pen, a stack of talisman paper, a sand table, and a black iron pen. There is nothing else. something.

Zhao Hai first picked up the robe and then put it on himself. The robe did not have a slight adjustment function. It fit him just right. After paying attention, he found that the robe had certain defensive capabilities. It also has the ability to be divided, waterproof, and fireproof. It is a good robe, but on the left chest of the robe, there are four words embroidered on it, Qingyang, Xuanfu.

Then he picked up the identity plate. It was an iron plate. On the front of the iron plate was engraved the word Qingyang. On the back of the iron plate was a very mysterious rune. Zhao Hai took a look and found that this rune was very mysterious. The advanced ones should be the kind of runes used to draw talismans, not the runes used to arrange magic circles.

Zhao Hai found that the runes used to draw talismans were just like the Buddhist runes he had obtained before. They were different from the runes they used to arrange the magic circle, but they were also very useful. Zhao Hai I understand what's going on. Then he input a little bit of spiritual power into the identity card. At the same time, he also paid attention to the magic circles in the identity card. He soon discovered that there were not many magic circles in the identity card. There were only One identification circle, one recording circle, nothing else.

This made Zhao Hai a little disappointed, but he didn't say anything and tied his identity tag around his waist. He knew very well that some sect disciples would usually tie their identity tag directly on their waist. First, they feel that there is nothing shameful about their identities. Second, they want to let others know which sect they are from, so as not to cause misunderstandings. The most important thing is , they want to enter and exit their sect, if they don’t put their ID tags outside, they may be attacked by the sect’s defense array. This ID tag is used by the sect’s array to identify them, so they must bring it with them. Only outside.

Finally, Zhao Hai picked up one of the three jade slips, swept it with his mental power, and found that it turned out to be a jade slip for making talismans. It contained the ten most commonly used methods for making low-level talisman paper. In fact, it teaches you how to draw those talismans. This is a useful thing, because no matter what kind of monk you are, as long as you have spiritual energy, you can make talisman paper and use talisman paper.

Zhao Hai just glanced at it, and after writing down the content, he put down the jade slip. Then he picked up another jade slip and scanned it with his mental strength. He found that it was a jade slip about sect rules and sect maps. , this sect rule tells you what you cannot do, and there are only two colors on the map, green and red. Green is naturally the place they can go, and red is the place they cannot go.

Zhao Hai just glanced at it, remembered it in his mind, and then put it aside. Finally, he picked up the last jade slip. What surprised Zhao Hai was that it turned out to be a jade slip of martial arts, and this one The exercises in the Jade Slips are the most universal exercises of the Qingyang Sect. In this exercise, there are also several magic formations. These magic formations are what the Qingyang Sect disciples must add to their own Dharma. Yes, one of the Dharma signs requires disciples to join the Dharma sign.