c7944 Sure

Then other people came back one after another, with a smile on everyone's face. It could be seen that they were very happy chatting with their 'adults', but Zhao Hai didn't say anything. , after everyone came back, he called everyone together at once. Then he looked at everyone and said with a smile: "This time, our senior brothers came to us. We are still very happy, but I feel that our The alliance is still very necessary to exist, what do you think?"

No one spoke, but they all nodded. The reason why those senior brothers became their senior brothers now, rather than adults, is because they are now the outer disciples of Qingyang Sect, but if they had not completed this time mission, then they are already dead, and the reason why they can complete this mission is because of their small alliance. Of course, they will not be fooled by that senior brother and think that this alliance is not important. , On the contrary, those senior brothers showed more or less interest in their alliance, which also made them pay more attention to their small alliance.

As for those senior brothers knowing about this alliance, they are not surprised at all. If those senior brothers can't even think of this, then they are not worthy of being in Qingyang Sect, let alone being a registered disciple, so they At that time, the existence of this alliance was not denied.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and understood what was going on. He then said: "Okay, since those senior brothers already know the existence of our alliance, then we don't need to keep it secret in the future. , let’s talk about the next thing. Maybe everyone knows about that magic circle, right? I think the most important thing for us next is to integrate that magic circle into our Dharma. This is important for For us, it should be very important.”

Everyone was stunned. They really didn't expect that the first thing Zhao Hai said was this matter. They all nodded. The matter was indeed what Zhao Hai said. The magic circle looked like this. Appearance is very important, otherwise, those senior brothers will not talk about that matter when they meet them.

In fact, what those senior brothers said when they met with them was similar to what Le Wenzhen and Zhao Hai said. The only difference might be the part about becoming a registered disciple. Those people were not sure about letting others become registered disciples. After all, Zeng Yang doesn't know their names now.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Our alliance will always exist, but our strength must also increase, and the magic circle must be integrated into our legal system. Then there is nothing more to say. Let's do it now. Okay, let’s integrate the magic circle into the Dharma earlier, and then we’ll learn more about it and see what the outer disciples of Qingyang Sect need to do. Now, although we have some sect benefits, it doesn’t sound good. Yes, we are almost as poor as ever. I have heard that in the sect, spiritual stones may not be effective anymore. In other words, even if we have spiritual warriors in our hands, it is impossible to buy what we need. What we need may be sect contribution points, which we have to earn by ourselves, and we have formed an alliance now. If we earn contribution points together, it may be easier, what do you think?"

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, everyone was stunned at first, but then they all nodded. They really didn't think of this. This was also because their minds hadn't turned around yet. Although they were known as Qingyang before, The peripheral disciples of Qingyang Sect, but they have never received any benefits from Qingyang Sect. Even if they have received some rewards, they have been obtained from their adults and have nothing to do with Qingyang Sect. It is precisely because of this that, They had never thought about the sect's contribution points at all, but after Zhao Hai reminded them, they remembered that they needed the sect's contribution points. At the same time, they also admired Zhao Hai even more. You can think of these at this time, which is indeed much stronger than them.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "We have just joined the sect and don't know much about the situation in the sect. Let's make an agreement that in three days, we will let everyone practice the law. The formation is integrated into one's own Dharma. If someone completes it in advance, then go outside to inquire about the news. After three days, we will gather here and learn about the situation of the sect and act together. Do you have any opinions? ?”

Everyone shook their heads, and Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, it's fine if you don't have any objections. In order to avoid any misunderstandings, let's talk about it first. After we gather here, we will go out together." Once you complete the task, then everyone counts. We all take on the task together, or take on several small tasks, or take on one big task. After completing the task, we will share the reward equally. What do you think?"

Everyone nodded, and Lin Cang even said: "Okay, I think this method is good. In this way, no matter what kind of task we take, everyone will complete it together, and the final reward will be shared equally by everyone. This will make it more It’s fair, if someone is unable to participate in the action due to seclusion or other reasons, then there will be no reward.”

Everyone nodded, and Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Okay, then there is nothing more to say. Let's take action. In three days, we will gather here. I hope that everyone will have integrated the magic circle into their own dharma. It's hit." Everyone stopped talking and responded, then they all stood up, hugged each other's fists, and turned around to leave.

When only Zhao Hai and the other six were left in the room, Lin Cang smiled slightly at Zhao Hai and said: "Leader, I want to thank you. If it weren't for you, those of us who joined the sect might not be able to do anything. I still have to be proud for a while, and I still don’t know what I should do and what I shouldn’t do, but now it’s better, everyone knows what they should do.”

Zhao Hai stood up, smiled slightly at Lin Cang and the others and said, "Okay, let's not be polite. Let's go and complete the fusion of the magic circle earlier. Everyone, I'll say goodbye." After saying that, he said to a few people He hugged his fists, then turned around and left. Lin Cang and the others also laughed, then hugged their fists at Zhao Hai, then turned around and left.

Zhao Hai returned to the room. The smile on his face had faded a lot. Now the thing he was most worried about finally happened. He didn't know if the enemy would discover him if he integrated the magic circle into his own magic form. If the enemy really discovered his abnormality, it would be too dangerous.

This possibility does not exist. You must know that if you put that magic circle into his body, and his body is in his body, he is equivalent to putting a nail in his body. , if he doesn't do it right and the nail suddenly moves in his body, he will be unable to prevent it.

Zhao Hai thought before that he could delay it for a while and then solve this matter, but now it seems that it is impossible. He must solve this matter as soon as possible. Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but close his eyes. , and then his spiritual power was directly integrated into his Dharma.

His real form is the eleven-faced and eight-armed Buddha, but now the eleven-faced and ten-armed Buddha has become the eleven-faced and ten-armed Buddha. One of the arms is holding an ape, which is what he is using now. The Dharma Appearance, and Zhao Hai now wants to integrate a Dharma Appearance into this ape Dharma Appearance.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but sigh. Then he slowly focused his mental power on his Dharma. He wanted to see if he could find anything from his Dharma. There was a solution, but when his mental power was concentrated in his Dharma, he suddenly found that he seemed to have found a solution, which made Zhao Hai stunned.

When Zhao Hai's spiritual power was integrated into his body, he felt as if he had turned into a giant Buddha. The reason why he had eleven faces and ten arms was to frighten Xiao Xiao and make the evil spirits afraid. And each of his ten arms is controlled by him, just like he was born with ten arms.

The magic weapons in his arms are like the tools he holds in his hands, even the ape. It is impossible for a tool to understand what the person who uses it is like. He just A tool, that is to say, Zhao Hai can put the magic circle into the ape's body, and the magic circle will only feel the strength and characteristics of the ape. For the eleven-sided and eight-armed Buddha, he will not have any feeling.

This discovery made Zhao Hai overjoyed. He finally understood that the original ape Dharma was completely independent to him, which meant that no matter what kind of Dharma he added to it, it would not have any impact on him. Influenced by the influence, Zhao Hai even deduced the training method behind the ape Dharma. In other words, he can practice the ape Dharma to the extreme, and if any kind of Dharma is practiced to the extreme, They can all become the top masters in Wanshan Realm.

Zhao Hai took a deep breath. Now he was finally relieved. He immediately took action and slowly integrated the magic circle into the ape dharma. He had to pay attention to what impact this dharma had on the other dharma. , and then he can confirm his thoughts and know whether the people here in Wanshan Realm are really related to the people in the Upper Realm. If it is true, then he must be more careful.

When Zhao Hai finally integrated that Dharma form into the ape's Dharma form, he immediately felt that a huge spiritual power, as if from outside, directly entered the ape's Dharma form. This spiritual power was in the ape's Dharma form. He turned around in his ape form, seemed to be very satisfied, and then withdrew. However, his ape form seemed to be a little different. His ape form seemed to be slightly different from the spiritual power. The connection between Ruoyou and Ruowu is just because that trace of spiritual power has become very obscure, so ordinary people cannot feel it.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.