c7946 Yunyang Mountain

With a flash of white light, Zhao Hai appeared halfway up the nearest mountain of Qingyang Sect. This mountain was not 10,000 meters high. Originally, this mountain was also a high mountain above 10,000 meters. The residence of a Supreme Elder. The Supreme Elder was powerful enough to suppress a party. He was a former pillar of the Qingyang Sect.

But the Supreme Elder failed to ascend and finally passed away. After the Supreme Elder passed away, the height of the mountain dropped directly. Now it is no longer 10,000 meters, but there are still many people living here. Several disciples of the Supreme Elder all live here. Although they still have the strength of the Supreme Elder and cannot make a mountain reach a height of 10,000 meters, their strength is also very powerful. , in the Qingyang Sect, he is also considered a master and the backbone of the Qingyang Sect. Naturally, no one dares to underestimate him.

In the world of cultivation, although every sect is composed of many mountains, to be honest, the mountains in those sects are, to put it bluntly, just like the vassal states. Together they form a sect. , but each mountain actually has great autonomy. However, the disciples below will communicate with each other. The disciples on this mountain top can go to another mountain top to wander around, or even take on some tasks. The problem is, this is also allowed and even encouraged by the sect, so that's why it is like this.

Zhao Hai also knew this, so he came to this mountain. He must now fully understand the situation on each mountain of Qingyang Sect. As for the situation of the Lower House, he has no way to understand it yet, because the Lower House People generally don't live here in the main hall, not in any sect.

Thinking about it, those big sects have large main halls with many mountains inside, and the territory they control is even larger. There are also some naturally occurring mountains in the countries under their rule, and the people of these sects , in order to control various countries, the House of Commons will naturally be established in those countries to facilitate the control of various countries, so the people in the House of Commons will not live here in the main hall. This situation, in Zhao Hai's opinion, seems to be The main hall is the same as the branch hall. The place where the main hall is located is the core of a sect, and the branch halls are the institutions that control the local area. They are actually similar to the upper and lower houses in Wanshan Realm.

The mountain Zhao Hai came to this time is called Yunyang Mountain in Qingyang Sect. This mountain originally belonged to Supreme Elder Yun Feiyang, but Elder Yun has now passed away. Although the mountain has become smaller However, the name Yunyang Mountain has always been retained, and the mountain that Zhao Hai and the others went to before was named Qingfeng Mountain. That mountain was also the cave of a Supreme Elder of the sect, that The Supreme Elder’s Taoist name is Qingfengzi, so the mountain is also called Qingfeng Mountain.

Zhao Hai heard that Zeng Yang was still a registered disciple of the Supreme Elder Qingfengzi. It was precisely because he was a registered disciple that he could live in Qingfeng Mountain. Otherwise, he would actually have to build a mountain by himself. Come on, with his current strength, even if he can't build a mountain above 10,000 meters, there is absolutely no problem in building a mountain of seven or eight thousand meters.

Here in Wanshan Realm, it is not only those masters at the Supreme Elder level who can create their own mountains. As long as your strength reaches the Tiangang level, you can create your own mountains. However, if you only have the Tiangang level, you can create your own mountains. If you have the strength, then the highest mountain you can create is only about five thousand meters. If it reaches the Earth Demon level, the mountain will reach six thousand meters, the star level seven thousand meters, the precept level eight thousand meters, and the Zhoutian level nine thousand meters. Only when you reach the Immortal level will there be mountains above 10,000 meters.

Then why don't the elders of each sect build a high mountain and live on it themselves? This is because, if you have not reached the Immortal level, although you can create mountains by yourself, if you want the mountains to exist every day, you need to input a certain amount of spiritual energy into the mountains so that the mountains will always exist. Otherwise, the mountains will It will disappear, and when you reach the immortal level, you can create mountains over 10,000 meters, and then these mountains will be maintained for it. You don’t need to input spiritual energy into the mountains, the mountains will always exist, and mountains over 10,000 meters will be there. The spiritual energy on the mountain will also be more intense, which is definitely good news for the monks.

If an immortal-level master dies, his mountain will decrease in height. There is a limit to this height reduction process. For example, here in Yunyang Mountain, the height of Yunyang Mountain now reaches nine thousand meters. This is Because Elder Yun Feiyang has passed away, and his disciples have not reached the Immortal level, only one disciple has reached the Zhoutian level, so the height of the mountain has dropped to nine thousand meters. The reason why it has not been lowered to the bottom is because, in Here in Wanshan Realm, mountains can actually be inherited.

That's right, here in the Wanshan Realm, mountains can be inherited. For example, an immortal-level elder can build a 10,000-meter-high mountain, but he has never been able to ascend. If he ascends, then this The 10,000-meter-level mountain will always exist. He did not ascend, but sat down. In fact, this mountain should have sunk directly into the ground, but he could choose a successor. He designated An heir, then this person will inherit his mountain. Although the height of the mountain will be reduced after he is seated, it will only be reduced to the height of his heir’s strength. That is to say, if his heir has Zhou Tian If it is level, the mountain will be reduced to 9,000 meters. If it is the precept level, it can only be reduced to 8,000 meters. However, after the mountain is lowered, monks do not need to use their own spiritual energy to maintain it. Therefore, ordinary immortal level masters, If he really died, they would all designate a successor among their disciples to inherit his mountain.

This is what happened here in Yunyang Mountain. When Elder Yun Feiyang passed away, he designated one of his disciples to become his successor and inherit Yunyang Mountain. The strength of that disciple reached Zhou Tian's level. level, so Yunyang Mountain has always existed, and its height is still about nine thousand meters.

However, Yunyang Mountain is already considered a relatively peripheral mountain of Qingyang Sect, and Yunyang Mountain has its own specialty. This specialty is the most common thing in Wanshan Realm, which is Zhao Hai The spirit beard grass that I have been using before is correct. The specialty here in Yunyang Mountain is the spirit beard grass.

The Lingxu grass grown here in Yunyang Mountain not only grows very large, but also has a lot of spiritual energy. The Qingyang Sect started out by drawing talismans, and needs a large amount of Lingxu grass every year to make talisman paper. Therefore, Yunyang Mountain is also a very important production area of ​​Lingxu grass in Qingyang Sect. Every day, a large number of Qingyang Sect disciples will come here to buy Lingxu grass. They either use it for training or use it. Making talisman paper is very lively in short.

It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai's appearance here did not attract anyone's attention. People here just thought he was here to buy Lingxu grass. Zhao Hai, like other Qingyang Sect disciples, came to Yun Yang here. The mountain is spinning around, but he can only move in the area below 6,000 meters of Yunyang Mountain. And here in Wanshan Realm, almost no one will build their living area below 5,000 meters. In other words, Zhao Hai can only move in the area of ​​5,000 meters to 6,000 meters now. He can't go up, and there is no use going down.

Zhao Hai walked around Yunyang Mountain for a while, and he found that the people here in the world of cultivation were not rigid at all. On the contrary, they were very flexible. The reason why they said this was because of what they saw in Yunyang Mountain. , here in Yunyang Mountain, in the area where he can move, if you look around, almost all of them are shops. There are many products sold in these shops, such as blank talisman paper, talisman pens, spiritual ink, magic weapons, elixirs, etc. There are freshly picked Lingshu grass and all kinds of things. Of course, there are also some disciples of the Yun Yang lineage living here, but the area where they live will not allow Zhao Hai to enter at will. , Zhao Hai looked around in those shops, and also bought some talisman paper and spirit beard grass. Finally, he found a mission hall, which surprised Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai really didn't expect that the mission hall here in Yunyang Mountain was here. He couldn't help but curiously entered the mission hall to take a look. This mission hall was actually very simple. At the innermost part of the mission hall, there was a There is a large spar plate with tasks flashing on it. Under the spar plate, there is a bar. There are many people sitting at the bar. There are even more people in the hall, and some people are looking at the tasks. , some people are chatting with people around them, some are handing in tasks, and some are taking tasks, and they seem very busy.

Zhao Hai stood in the mission hall and looked at it for a while, and found that the people in this mission hall were all low-level monks. There was nothing special about them, and the missions here were all very simple missions. There are not many rewards, and the rewards for tasks are all contribution points.

Zhao Hai looked at the situation in the mission hall and understood what was going on. This mission hall was specially prepared for low-level disciples. Those low-level disciples could not take on tasks that were too difficult, so I gave them some simple tasks so that these low-level disciples could receive contribution points, work for the sect, and gain practical experience.

Zhao Hai was very familiar with mission halls like this, so he didn't say anything. He just looked at the missions here for a while. There were many missions here, but what surprised Zhao Hai was that among the missions here, almost There are no tasks such as collecting herbs. Almost all the tasks here are combat tasks.

Although Qingyang Sect is a medium-sized sect, they control many countries, and things often happen in those countries. Although there are disciples from the lower house to deal with it, the number of disciples from the lower house in a sect is also limited. Moreover, there are experts in the lower courtyard. All impossible tasks must be handled by the masters among the disciples in the lower courtyard. Some minor tasks can be handled by the disciples in the upper courtyard, which can also add some combat experience to them. , so almost all the tasks seen here are combat tasks. Tasks such as collecting medicine are generally done by casual cultivators.