c7947 Fangshi

After looking at the tasks for a while, Zhao Hai left the task hall and started shopping around here. He visited almost all the stores in order to understand the prices of various supplies. He would definitely give them again in the future. The people from the Gujian Gang prepare things, so he must know the prices of these things here.

However, Zhao Hai has also thought about it. The things he gives to the Gu Jian Gang in the future must be produced by himself and control the quantity, otherwise it may arouse others' suspicion. Like this time, he is actually planning to buy a few. He wanted to use the portable teleportation array, but after thinking about it, he decided to use the portable teleportation array produced by himself.

In addition to the teleportation array, Zhao Hai also found another thing from those shops. There were actually maps and coordinates of the branches of Qingyang Sect's cities. This really surprised Zhao Hai. He immediately took that He bought something, which is of great use to him.

After understanding everything here clearly, Zhao Hai returned to the Xuanfu Cave in Qingfeng Mountain. When he returned to the courtyard where the outer disciples lived, he found that several people had returned, and he immediately called those people After arriving in his room, several people sat down in the living room. Zhao Hai then asked about the situation of several people. They all went to different areas and asked about very different things. Not to mention, they also They really found out some useful things. Just like Zhao Hai this time, they also bought the coordinates of Zuofang City.

Upon hearing what they said, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile bitterly. When they heard that others had all bought the coordinates of Fangshi, they all understood what was going on. The coordinates of this kind of Fangshi should be in the sect. It is very popular, so everyone can buy it, and they are buying heavily.

But it doesn’t matter. If you have a copy of the coordinates in your hand, it will be more convenient to go out to buy something in the future. Otherwise, you can only go with others or go to others to ask for the coordinates, which will only make it more troublesome, so It’s not a loss if you buy this thing.

Just after Zhao Hai and the others returned to the courtyard, less than an hour later, everyone else came back one after another. After everyone came back, everyone gathered in Zhao Hai's room, and then started to gather information. Sharing, as a result of this question, they discovered that in the Qingyang Sect where they are located, each mountain top has its own different specialties, most of which are medicinal materials or some minerals, and these things are mostly related to making talismans.

And without exception, everyone bought the coordinates of those cities, but no one said anything. After all, these things are also useful to them. Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay , now we all know the basic situation of the areas where we can move in the sect. To be honest, there are really not many areas where we can move, except for the Buddhist Scripture Pavilion on the sect master mountain, which is a rather special one. Apart from this place, other places are pretty much the same, there is no place we can go to at will."

Everyone nodded, and Zhao Hai then said: "According to our original plan, we will go to various markets to buy things tomorrow, and there are many markets here in Qingyang Sect. Let's do it. Let's take a moment so that everyone can understand the situation of each city." Naturally, no one would object to this, so they all agreed, and Zhao Hai directly divided the cities among everyone, and then let everyone leave.

After returning to his room, Zhao Hai took out the jade slip with the coordinates of the city and looked at it. After writing down all the coordinates of the city, Zhao Hai put away the jade slip and then took out the jade slip. Zhao Hai got a portable teleportation array, and then wrote a few more jade slips. Then he directly sent the portable teleportation array to Wu Yang. The jade slips were also sent to Wu Yang. Zhao Hai gave Wu Yang two in total. He gave Fang Keming a portable teleportation array and two jade slips. He also gave Du Xuan a portable teleportation array and a jade slip. This was to facilitate the contact between them. This is also Zhao Hai had been preparing to do this for a long time, and now he finally gave away all the things.

Fang Keming's place and Du Xuan's place both have portable teleportation arrays, but they rarely use them. Of course, the portable teleportation arrays are all equipped by Hell Gate for them. It is still inconvenient for them to use them, so Zhao Hai prepared a portable teleportation array for the two of them individually.

In addition to them, Zhao Hai also prepared a portable teleportation array for another person. This person was none other than Old Liu Tou. He had to keep in touch with Old Liu Tou at all times and knew the situation in Lanka, so he gave Old Liu Tou took the teleportation array with him, and also told Old Liu Tou that he had successfully joined the Qingyang Sect.

After dealing with these matters, Zhao Hai was really relieved, and those people all replied to him, but Zhao Hai and the others did not say much. After all, this is a portable teleportation array, not a mobile phone. You can talk at will. , Zhao Hai took a rest directly after putting away all the portable teleportation arrays.

Early the next morning, Zhao Hai and others got up early. This time, everyone did not gather together to discuss. Instead, they left directly and went to various cities through the teleportation array. At Qingyang Sect , as long as it is teleporting within the sect, the disciples can use the teleportation array at will. As for going to various cities, there is a certain fee, but the fee is very low, one spiritual stone per person at a time.

Zhao Hai also randomly selected a city and teleported there directly. Only after this time did he realize that there was no difference between the cities and towns he went to when he went on a mission before, so when Zhao Hai arrived It was very relaxing. I strolled around the town and bought some things from those shops, mainly some Bigu Pills and the like. Sect disciples usually eat these. They don’t know how to eat. However, Bigu Pill may not be a big deal to sect disciples, but it is still too expensive for casual cultivators. Therefore, Bigu Pill is very popular in the sect, but outside the sect, it is not available. People will eat it.

In addition to Bigu Pill, Zhao Hai also bought some other supplies, which are things that are used daily, and some things that may be used when doing tasks. The prices of these things are not expensive, Zhao Hai He has made a lot of preparations, which is consistent with his identity. Even if someone investigates, he will not be suspected.

Zhao Hai knows very well that if you want to be a good spy, you must be mentally prepared. You must always think that there is a pair of eyes always watching you. Because of this, no matter what you do, , will be very careful, and will do this according to your current status.

When Zhao Hai finished shopping in Fangshi and returned to the yard, he found that many people had come back. After everyone came back, Zhao Hai asked and found that everyone bought similar things. Everyone bought Bigu Pill. I bought, except for Bigu Pills, some things that may be used in completing tasks.

Zhao Hai didn't say anything. This time, they mainly learned about where those markets were, and there was something like this in every market, and there was nothing else. As for what everyone bought, he actually didn't know. Don't care, just buy it, there's nothing special about it.

So after asking everyone about their situation, Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said: "Tomorrow, we will go to pick up the mission. We have just joined the sect. Although we have obtained the skills and elixirs, those things , it’s not enough for us at all. Doing missions is necessary. When you were scouting in various mountains before, you should have discovered that there are mission halls in each mountain. I don’t know if you have remembered that mission hall. Above, what tasks were recorded?"

After hearing what Zhao Hai said, a few people actually spoke, and one of them said: "I noticed that the tasks in the mission hall are almost all combat missions, and the people to be dealt with are also all kinds of people. , some are rebels, some are people from other sects, some are casual cultivators, and some are ghosts."

Several other people also nodded. It is true. The combat missions issued by Qingyang Sect are all missions to deal with some rebels, casual cultivators, other sect disciples, or ghosts. The rebels are actually very good. Understand, there are people in a certain country who are dissatisfied with the sect's rule. They want to fight against the sect or are disrespectful to the sect. Naturally, the sects will not let such people go, so they must be removed.

Rogue cultivators are people who have offended disciples of various sects or killed disciples of various sects. As long as they are discovered by various sects, they will definitely be killed. Zhao Hai is actually very lucky. Fortunately, he No one noticed when he did those things, otherwise, he would probably be hunted down by various sects.

As for people from other sects, this is also easy to understand. The world of cultivation is not peaceful. It is inevitable that there will be some friction between the two sects. The disciples below are fighting each other. Such things also happen, so It has also become the task of Qingyang Sect disciples to hunt down some other sect disciples.

The last type is ghosts. In the world of cultivation, because the spiritual energy is very abundant, even in some ordinary places, the spiritual energy is not bad. With some special terrain or due to some special reasons, some ghosts may appear. Ghosts, and those ghosts, after developing to a certain extent, will come out to harm people. If ghosts harm people under that sect, the people of that sect need to eliminate them. Any No sect wants ghosts to run rampant in the territory controlled by their sect, so eliminating those ghosts has become a task that the disciples of each sect must do.

Of course, the same is true for Qingyang Sect. In fact, in the world of cultivation, the most common task that disciples of the world of cultivation now do is the task of clearing out ghosts. Of course, if it is necessary to ask the disciples of the sect to clear out the ghosts, it means that The strength of those ghosts is already very powerful and cannot be dealt with by ordinary civilians. Therefore, you must be very careful to deal with such ghosts. Now, the most tasks here in Qingyang Sect are this kind of tasks. And Zhao Hai also means to do such a task. This kind of task can be said to be the most cost-effective among all tasks.