c7949 Task

Many people may think that in the world of cultivation, the master treats his disciples life and death, and he can do whatever he wants. Those disciples do not have any ability to resist, so those disciples should be very afraid of their master. of respect. .but this is not the case.

What is a disciple? A disciple is a person who inherits the monastic tradition. It is not easy for a person to find a few disciples who suit his own mind. It is even more difficult to cultivate a few successful disciples, so generally The monks are very careful when choosing their disciples. Usually they will observe the other person when he is very young, take care of him, and see that he is indeed worthy of training, then he will truly train him and make him his own. Disciple, this is to observe his xinxing, and also to cultivate his character.

In the world of cultivation, the status of a disciple may be higher than that of his own son. Of course, for an ordinary person, his son may be his disciple, because his son is the one who will inherit his lineage, and the disciple In fact, it's almost the same, so in the world of cultivation, the status of disciple and son is actually almost the same.

Zeng Yang's current five disciples, he has been watching and training them since they were very young, watching them step by step to where they are today, but the result was very disappointing to him. He has begun to hand over the property to them for evaluation. Although there is only three floors, the property on the third floor is definitely not a small amount. He hopes that these disciples can help him take care of the property carefully, help him go further, and even help Let him ascend. Only in this way will it be more beneficial to them.

But he was disappointed. His disciple let him down. What his disciple did really made him feel very disappointed. He never thought that the disciple he trained would treat him like this. , the industries he had entrusted to those disciples were being exploited crazily and making money crazily. This was something he could not tolerate.

But he didn't want to kill those disciples directly, so he thought of another way. He wanted to train a disciple, a disciple who could truly inherit his mantle, but the Zhao Hai that Le Wenzhen said was It aroused his interest. No one in the entire Qingyang Sect knew that Zeng Yang was actually a body cultivator. In a sect that mainly focused on talismans, an elder turned out to be a body cultivator. No one would believe it if he told it. , but Zeng Yang is indeed a physical practitioner.

But Zeng Yang's physical training is very different from other physical training. Zeng Yang's physical training is focused on speed, which makes his body look different from normal. There is no difference between monks, and it is very different from other physical practices.

The body shapes of real physical cultivators are very different from ordinary monks. The entire cultivation world knows this, but people in the cultivation world who know another kind of physical cultivation that focuses on speed really There are very few people who practice speed as their main body. Their actions are very secretive and rarely show to others. Moreover, they usually have another identity as a cover-up, because if people really know about their speed-based body cultivation, they rarely show it to others. They are mainly about speed, which is not a good thing for them. The enemy can use various methods to deal with them, so generally such people use this as their trump card. No one will Really use it.

When Zeng Yang heard that Le Wenzhen mentioned Zhao Hai and said that Zhao Hai was a physical practitioner, but he was not a physical practitioner good at strength and defense, Zeng Yang was really happy, and a gambling fight ensued. Through this incident, Zeng Yang thoroughly saw the true colors of his disciples.

The black iron mine that Zhao Hai and the others went to was originally a place that Zeng Yang attached great importance to. It could produce millions of kilograms of black iron every year. It was black iron, not ore. It was also an industry that he gave to his disciples to evaluate. One, he clearly remembered that he handed it over to one of his disciples to take care of it five years ago. Five years ago, the mine of Xuantie Mine was not half as big as it is now. You must know that It has been mined for more than 20 years.

But what about now? He left it to his disciples for five years. During these five years, the number of mines in the Xuan Iron Mine was more than half that before. However, the income his disciples handed over to him every year was still the same as before. How could Zeng Yang not be sad? He immediately investigated other industries managed by his disciples. This investigation made him even more sad. The practices of those disciples were all the same. They raised animals in those mines. The mining slaves opened more mines, and most of the profits went into their pockets. No one gave him a little more, which made Zeng Yang so angry that he almost killed all those disciples.

However, he still did not take action. Although the loss of the third-level property would have some impact on him, it would not hurt his bones. Therefore, he was not prepared to deal with those disciples, but those disciples wanted to get him. But it is impossible. Everyone has feelings. He has raised those disciples for so long, and of course he has feelings. It is like a father. His son is unfilial. When he dies, generally He will also leave all his things to his son.

After Zeng Yang noticed Zhao Hai, he had been paying attention to him and observing him. He was very curious about this person. He wanted to see if he could accept him as his disciple. He also knew very well. If Zhao Hai is really a physical practitioner, then no one in the entire Qingyang Sect can teach him except himself. He can't even find the most basic and suitable skills.

But Zhao Hai didn't know that Zeng Yang had been observing him. He thought that Zeng Yang was just interested in him. When he reminded him, he didn't expect that Zeng Yang had even considered accepting him as his disciple. , the reason why this happens is that in the world of cultivation, monks attach great importance to their own feelings. There is also a special word called whim, that is to say, if a monk is very interested in something, If they do, they will definitely get it, and Zeng Yang is very interested in Zhao Hai now, so he has been observing Zhao Hai.

The more he observed, the more he realized that Zhao Hai was not simple. In the mine, when defeat was almost certain, it was Zhao Hai who led everyone to turn defeat into victory. Ordinarily, this is nothing, if you win, you win, then It was just Zeng Yang's first test against Zhao Hai. If Zhao Hai failed, Zeng Yang would never save Zhao Hai. Even if he was killed, he would not take action, because that would mean that Zhao Hai would become his He has no qualifications as a disciple.

But Zhao Hai won. Of course, he also used other people, but what does it matter? He won. What surprised Zeng Yang even more was that after Zhao Hai joined the Qingyang Sect, he could still bring those people together. Zeng Yang knew that behind those people, there were all named disciples. In other words, those people had their own masters. In this case, Zhao Hai could still gather them around him. , this is already very remarkable.

And Zhao Hai's various actions after joining the Qingyang Sect also made Zeng Yang understand that Zhao Hai is indeed very amazing. He does things in an orderly manner, which makes him appreciate Zhao Hai even more, and Uncle Qi was the person Zeng Yang trusted the most, so of course he wanted to tell Uncle Qi the truth and let him know how he should treat Zhao Hai in the future.

Of course, Zhao Hai doesn't know these things. He is now leading Lin Cang and others, standing in the mission hall here in Qingfeng Mountain. Everyone is staring at the mission crystal board in the mission hall, looking carefully. The tasks are similar to those in other task halls. They are all combat tasks. It can be seen that these tasks should all be released by the Qingyang Sect. You can receive the same tasks in the task hall on any mountain.

Zhao Hai looked at the things on the mission crystal board while carefully calculating. Finally, when he saw a mission reappearing, Zhao Hai waved his hand and led everyone out of the mission hall. There was a mission hall outside the mission hall. The square, where people come and go, is very familiar. Zhao Hai led everyone to a corner on the edge of the square.

Lin Cang looked at Zhao Hai with some confusion and said: "Leader, you called us out, but what's the matter?" He was really very curious. When he arrived at the mission hall, he didn't accept a mission, but he took them If it's taken away, what's going to happen? The same goes for the others, all of them looked at Zhao Hai curiously.

Zhao Hai looked at Lin Cang and the others, smiled slightly and said: "I have already thought about what tasks I want to take. There are more than 1,300 tasks that just appeared on the task crystal board. There are thirty tasks suitable for us to take. Five, and among these thirty-five tasks, I have counted seven tasks that we can take on, and we can take on these seven tasks at the same time."

When Lin Cang and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they couldn't help but be stunned. Then everyone looked at Zhao Hai in confusion. They didn't quite understand what Zhao Hai meant. There were seven tasks suitable for them. Seven tasks were okay. Accept seven tasks at the same time? Can this be done?

Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled slightly: "I know, everyone must be very curious and think it is a bit too much to take on seven tasks at the same time, but it is true. These seven tasks, We can really take them in at the same time. There is a gap in the completion time of these seven tasks, and the task locations of the seven tasks are not very far away. And these seven tasks will be within the next month. Completed, that is to say, we people have to complete seven tasks within a month. If we can really complete these seven tasks within a month, then each of us can get a hundred sects. Contribution points are benefits that we would not be able to get if we take on other tasks.”

Everyone was stunned when they heard what Zhao Hai said. Although they were also looking at the tasks in the mission hall, they didn't see so many things. Now when they heard what Zhao Hai said, they really didn't Knowing what to say, they just felt that Zhao Hai was really good at calculating, and he was so powerful that he could even calculate such things.