c7945 Accident

Zhao Hai took a long breath and slowly opened his eyes. Then he glanced at the timer. He was sure that it only took about an hour from the beginning to the present, and during this hour, he He had already integrated that magic circle into his ape form, and he also confirmed his idea that the reason why the people here in Wanshan Realm use the form has a lot to do with the people in the upper world. People completely regard the Dharma of the people here in Wanshan Realm as a projection of themselves. They use the Dharma to collect a certain amount of power of faith from the people in Wanshan Realm, and then when they fight, they Give them a little bit of power, because the power of the upper realm is much stronger than the power of the lower realm, so even if they give them a little bit of power, it will make the power of the lower realm very powerful.

But Zhao Hai's Dharma Appearance was not affected by him. He added the Dharma Formation to the Ape Dharma Appearance. The person in the upper realm only saw the situation of the Ape Dharma Appearance and found that the Ape Dharma Appearance was only at the third level of strength. No longer paying attention, I did not discover the existence of the extremely powerful eleven hundred and ten-armed Buddha. This is definitely good news for Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai stood up. He originally wanted to use three days to find a way to solve this matter, but he did not expect that he had already solved it in less than an hour. This is indeed It made him feel very unbelievable, but now he wanted to know even more what he should do next.

If he leaves the room now, will it arouse others' suspicion? If he doesn't leave, will he stay in the room for three days? This gave Zhao Hai a headache. Just when he entered, Zhao Hai heard the door of the next room, and then Xu Shi walked out of the room. He glanced at the empty room, and then scratched his hair in confusion. Then he walked out of the room and took a look in the yard. He found that the outer disciples in the yard were still practicing drawing talismans. He couldn't help but become even more puzzled, and finally returned to the room directly.

As soon as he entered the room, the door of another room was opened, and Xu Yuan walked out of the door. He glanced at Xu Shi, was slightly stunned, and then smiled and said: "Senior Brother Xu, you are so quick Come out." When Xu Shi heard what he said, he was slightly startled, and then a look of disbelief appeared on his face.

Xu Shi never thought that he would be the first person in this room to integrate the magic circle into the law. But now when he heard Xu Yuan say this, he immediately determined that he should be the one in this room. The first person to integrate the magic circle into the Dharma Appearance, maybe he was the first person among the thirty-six of them to integrate the Dharma Array into the Dharma Appearance.

Just before Xu Shi could speak, Zhao Hai's room also opened and he walked out of the room. When he saw Xu Shi and Xu Yuan outside, he also looked surprised and said: "You two Who has already integrated the magic circle into the law? So fast?" Of course he was pretending. He saw that two people had already come out, and there was nothing wrong with him coming out, so he came out directly. Of course, he was pretending. Absolutely.

Xu Shi smiled bitterly and said: "I seem to be the first one. I feel like I didn't use it for long. If I'm not wrong, I didn't even use it for two hours, and you are almost the same." Xu Shi said with a bitter smile. Shi Shi really didn't know what to say except for a forced smile.

Zhao Hai took out an hourglass and took a look at it, and said in a deep voice: "One hour and three quarters. When I came out, it was one hour and three quarters. It was indeed less than three hours? What? They haven't come out yet. Really? Then should we go out and inquire about the situation outside? "

At this moment, Huang Xiang and Lin Cang's rooms opened almost at the same time, and the two of them walked out of the room. As soon as they came out, the last room also opened, and the one who was in the same room with them was named Zhao. The group of senior brothers also walked out of the room. As soon as everyone walked out of the room, they all stared at each other, not knowing what to do for a moment.

"Hahahaha!" Zhao Hai laughed suddenly, and everyone else also laughed. They originally planned to spend three days to integrate the magic circle into the Dharma, but they did not expect that now It didn't even work for three hours, how could he not laugh.

Zhao Hai glanced at them and said: "It's embarrassing this time. He actually said it would take three days. Now is good. I think the others should be coming out soon. Let's go and have a look." If they all come together, let’s get together here and discuss what to do next.”

Everyone nodded. Just as they were about to leave the room, they heard a burst of footsteps outside, and then someone entered their room. It was people from their alliance. Soon, people from their alliance Everyone came to this room.

As soon as he saw everyone had arrived, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile bitterly, and then said in a deep voice: "Everyone, I'm sorry, this time it was my miscalculation. I really didn't expect that this matter would be so easy. It's embarrassing." He didn't think there was anything embarrassing about this matter. He just said something wrong. These people didn't really think it was something embarrassing. He said this just to get closer to these people. It’s just a relationship.

Although these people have fought together, the time they have known each other is still too short, and they do not understand each other. The relationship between them is only maintained by a verbal alliance, which is not acceptable. , we must bring everyone closer together, so that their alliance will exist for a longer time in the future.

Everyone burst out laughing. This matter was indeed very funny. I originally thought it would take three days, but in less than two hours, everyone had it done. Of course, Zhao Hai cannot be blamed for this. Everyone used to do it. He had never experienced anything like this before, so there was no mistake in Zhao Hai's previous decision. Even if there was no mistake, this matter was still very funny.

Zhao Hai also laughed, and after a while everyone stopped. Zhao Hai looked at the sky outside, and then said in a deep voice: "It's getting late outside now, and we can't find out anything we want to know. , then everyone should go back and rest. Tomorrow everyone will start to split up, inquire about the news in the door, and see how the other outer disciples in the door are doing. If they are also accepting tasks, then what are they doing? What kind of missions are they? I also need to ask about the prices of various materials in the door, especially the prices of some portable teleportation arrays, single medicines, and magic weapons. Where can I buy them? By the way, I But I heard that each sect actually has a market opened by some disciples. It is best for us to find out the location of those markets. This is very important to us. After collecting all this information, , we are making a detailed plan and then taking action, everyone has no problem, right?"

Everyone said solemnly: "No problem." They really felt that there was no problem. These things were necessary. Although they were known as disciples of Qingyang Sect before, they did not know much about the internal situation of Qingyang Sect. There aren’t many, so asking for information is a must.

Zhao Hai looked at the crowd and said: "The strength of us people is considered low among the outer disciples. We can be said to have become the outer disciples of the sect. It is precisely because of this that we must be careful. A little is enough. I won’t say much else. If we want to improve our strength, we need supplies. If we want supplies, we need elixirs and magic weapons. After finding out the location of Fangshi, everyone can Go to Fangshi to buy some things you need. I don’t care what everyone buys. I will give you one day to purchase, one day to inquire about information, and one day to purchase. This will take two days. On the last day, we will pick up the task. Let’s see what’s going on there, and then we’ll come back and discuss how to take on the missions. In three days, we’ll start officially taking on the missions to earn contribution points, is there no problem?”

Everyone said in unison: "No." In fact, they are now used to listening to Zhao Hai, but they have not discovered it. They now feel that what Zhao Hai said is very reasonable, and what Zhao Hai said makes sense. Naturally, they don't have to create extraneous problems. They just listen to Zhao Hai. They don't know that this has actually become a habit. This is why Zhao Hai must occupy this dominant position. He is used to it. The leader of a sect is used to having his say. If he is asked to listen to others all the time, he will be very uncomfortable.

When Zhao Hai saw that no one objected, he said: "Okay, as long as everyone doesn't object, it's settled. Let's go and have a rest. We will split up tomorrow. By the way, let's first tell you what everyone is going to do tomorrow. Let’s divide the places so that no one goes to some places and no one goes to some places. Now in the sect, there are neither too many nor too few places that we can go to, so we must understand them all.”

Naturally, no one would object. Zhao Hai took out their sect map directly, and then drew the sect map on the table. Which places they could go and which places they couldn't go. He marked them all out, then made some marks on the places where he could go, and divided the places where he could go into thirty-six parts. Then he assigned tasks to everyone one by one, so that everyone could go and see who was going. Where to get information.

Qingyang Sect itself has six mountains above 10,000 meters, and they are only on one of them now. There are some places they can go to on the other mountains. Zhao Hai naturally has to assign tasks. , he gave the farthest place to himself, and the other places were given to other people. After the distribution, Zhao Hai said to everyone: "Okay, it's settled, everyone will go to their own places tomorrow." Ask for information from the assigned places, the more detailed the better, and when it’s time to apply in the afternoon, everyone will gather here to share information.”

Everyone agreed in unison, Zhao Hai's allocation method was very reasonable, so that everyone could understand the situation of Qingyang Sect in the shortest time, so no one objected.