c7948 chilling

Zhao Hai also nodded and said in a deep voice: "I also looked at those missions. They are indeed some combat missions. Combat missions will be dangerous, but the rewards obtained from these missions are also very good. I noticed After a while, among those tasks, the most difficult one is to deal with other sect disciples, because the strength of other sect disciples is not weak, and those of us have just joined the sect and are not strong enough. No matter how much we improve, if we rashly deal with disciples from other sects, we may suffer losses. After surviving the previous test, I don’t want those of us to suffer any losses."

Everyone nodded, but didn't say anything. No one wanted to die, so what Zhao Hai said was very reasonable. It can be said that these people have just joined the Qingyang Sect, and their strength is still very poor. Compared with the disciples of Qingyang Sect, their strength is much inferior.

The most important thing is that they were peripheral disciples before. In fact, they are no different from those casual cultivators. Therefore, they do not have good magic weapons, good exercises, and no elixirs. In this case, if they rashly If they fight against the disciples of other sects, they may really suffer a big loss.

Zhao Hai saw that everyone else nodded, and then he continued: "This is a way out to deal with the traitors of the sect, but it can be seen that the traitors of the sect are not weak. Otherwise, the following will The nobles in those countries can deal with those traitors without us. If those nobles are unable to deal with those traitors, and our strength is also dangerous in dealing with those traitors, in addition because it is The reward is not very big for dealing with the traitors of the sect, so I don’t want to take on such a task.”

No one objected. In fact, they had all gone to the mission halls to see the rewards. They all knew the rewards for the various tasks in the mission halls. The rewards for dealing with those traitors were indeed not very high. For some strong people, , those tasks may be completed easily, but for them, there may be some dangers.

Zhao Hai continued: "In my opinion, dealing with rogue cultivators is the least cost-effective task, because those rogue cultivators will run away. If they do something in our Qingyang Sect, they will be hunted down by us. , they will run. If they run to other sects' territory, we will have nothing to do with them. If we use force rashly on other sects' territory, it may cause misunderstandings. Therefore, this mission, It doesn’t suit us either.”

"Then there is only one last task left, which is to deal with those ghosts. I have also paid attention to it. Although the benefits of dealing with ghosts are not much, the difficulty of the task is not very difficult, and the information is very detailed, so it is very suitable. Us." Xu Yuan said.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "I also mean to deal with those ghosts. Although those ghosts may be very strong, the weaknesses of the ghosts are also very obvious. It is not difficult to deal with them, especially for us. It will be easier, and compared to other tasks, the task of dealing with ghosts is actually the most suitable for a team to complete. Although the task of dealing with rebels can also be completed as a team, I took a look and found out what we have posted here. Some of the tasks related to dealing with rebels are all about chasing down some lone rebels, which is not suitable for us to deal with. The most suitable task for us is to deal with ghosts."

Having said this, Zhao Hai paused for a moment, and then said: "Ghosts rarely appear alone. They usually appear in groups. Even if they appear alone, their strength is not weak, and the rewards will be corresponding. If there are more, and the ghosts have obvious weaknesses, it will be easier for us to deal with them, so I think that dealing with the ghosts is the best choice."

Everyone nodded, and Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Tomorrow we will go to the mission hall here in Qingfeng Mountain to see what kind of missions there are. Is there any mission that is more suitable than the ghost mission? If If yes, we will do other tasks. If not, then we will do the task of cleaning up ghosts, and try our best to choose some ghosts that require a team to deal with. What do you think?"

Everyone nodded. They had no objection. Anyway, they were just discussing now. It was hard to say whether they would do such a task tomorrow, but anyway, it was good to have a goal first so that they could take over the task tomorrow. When the time comes, I know what to do and don’t have to think about it. Seeing that no one objected, Zhao Hai let everyone disperse and would go there tomorrow to have a look and talk.

Zhao Hai and the others got up early the next day, and everyone gathered at the small square outside the yard. Then everyone went directly outside the cave and flew straight to the mission hall here in Qingfeng Mountain. But what they didn't know was that... When they went to the mission hall, Uncle Qi was already standing next to Zeng Yang, reporting to Zeng Yang the whereabouts of Zhao Hai and the others these days.

After Uncle Qi finished speaking, Zeng Yang said: "In other words, they are still operating together and have unified command, and the person in command is Zhao Ying? They let everyone out on the first day, I then visited all the places in the sect that people with their status could go to, and got to know the situation of the sect. The next day I went to the thirty-six squares, and today I went to the mission hall. ?”

Uncle Qi responded: "Yes, Master, that's what they did. It seems that they do have unified command, otherwise they wouldn't do this. I also asked someone to inquire about it on their first day. It was divided into thirty-six areas. In the entire sect, their people had visited all the places that their status could go. After returning, they gathered together to discuss for a while, and went there the next day. Thirty-six Fangshi, I also asked people to go to Fangshi to inquire. They didn’t buy anything special, they just got familiar with the situation there. Today they have already gone to the mission hall, and We still went together, and it seems that they will still act together next time.”

Zeng Yang nodded and said: "Are you sure that the person commanding is Zhao Ying? If it is really him, then this kid is really a talent. He is not weak, and he can also command people. These two It can be seen from their actions that he does things very methodically, which is very good."

Uncle Qi said in a deep voice: "It should be Zhao Ying. These days, when they discuss things, they all go to Zhao Ying's room to discuss things. After adding Zhao Ying's previous performance, I think, the one who directed them The person should be Zhao Ying, you can't be wrong." Uncle Qi also paid special attention to Zhao Hai and the others, and was sure that it was Zhao Hai.

Zeng Yang nodded and said in a deep voice: "Pay more attention to Zhao Ying's situation. If the person commanding these people is really Zhao Ying, then we might have really picked up a treasure this time. His strength If it's not enough, you can practice it slowly, but his commanding ability is indeed very rare. I'm afraid none of those incompetent guys can compare to Zhao Ying."

When Uncle Qi heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Zeng Yang and said, "Master, I'm afraid that Zhao Ying is not that good? Several young masters are quite capable, and they are already helping you look at the property." Yeah, I think what they did is pretty good, why would the master say that?"

Zeng Yang sighed lightly, and then said: "They are indeed helping me look at the industries, and the income from my industries is not low, but do you know the situation in my industries? In those industries, now all Almost all the people who work have become slaves, and the spiritual stones that were supposed to be given to those people have all been swallowed up by them. And there is one thing you may not know, right? In many of my industries, the output of , are more than what they reported. That is to say, when I controlled it myself, one thousand black iron mines produced one hundred thousand kilograms of black iron. Now the output reported by them is still one hundred thousand kilograms, but the actual output of the mine there is The output is 400,000 jins or 500,000 jins. The difference is so big. Do you understand now?" Although Zeng Yang had five true disciples, there was only one person he truly trusted. , that is Uncle Qi, so there are some things he will say to Uncle Qi, but not others.

When Uncle Qi heard what Zeng Yang said, his expression couldn't help but change. He immediately said: "Master, is this really the case? The properties controlled by several young masters now account for three levels of your total property. If those three If there is a problem in the upper-level industry, it will have a huge impact on you. Do they really dare to do this?"

Zeng Yang sighed softly and said: "Of course it's true. I went to see it myself. If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn't have believed it. Monks are all greedy. I can understand this. But it is really rare to do this to them in such an excessive way. Don’t they understand why I want them to manage those properties? They think that if I give them those properties, they will turn a blind eye. Are you done? I really don’t know what to say to such an idiot."

Uncle Qi didn't know what to say. Zeng Yang gave those properties to a few of his disciples to take care of. Of course, it was to test them and see which of them was the most suitable to be his heir. You have to know those properties of his, but It was not given to him by the sect, but what Zeng Yang snatched from others. It could be said that he risked his own life to get it. Of course, he hoped that those properties could be maintained for a long time. If a few of his disciples really If they take his master seriously, for the sake of his master, they will not do this, because if they mine more today, the mine will be mined one day earlier. If the mine is really mined, then Zeng Yang lost an income, and if a monk with his strength wanted to make further progress, he needed various materials, and the materials needed by a person with his strength were also very precious, so The number of spiritual stones they need is also very huge. If there is really a problem with his industry, it will directly affect his practice. But now those disciples are treating him like this. This is really frustrating. Zeng Yang felt chilled.