c7942 magic circle

As soon as he saw the magic circle, Zhao Hai knew that it must be the special magic circle in Qingyang Sect. If he is not mistaken, this magic circle must be related to the power of the upper world. This makes Zhao Hai hesitate a little. If he really adds this magic circle to his identity, will the great power of the upper world get more power of faith, and will he know his secret? If he knows If it's his secret, that would be troublesome.

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but have a headache, but in the end he decided not to add this magic circle to his Dharma form. Anyway, he is a physical practitioner. At worst, this skill is not suitable for him, so he That’s all if you can’t practice this technique.

However, this matter must be resolved. Zhao Hai put away the jade slip, and then picked up the jade slip used to make talisman and looked at it carefully, knowing that the blank talisman paper, How to use the talisman pen, ink, sand table, and black iron pen? He then put everything away and then walked out of the room. He had made an appointment with everyone to gather in his room.

Sure enough, when he arrived outside, he found that Lin Cang and the others had already come out of the room. They were all sitting in the living room. Soon everyone else arrived. Thirty-six people crowded the small living room to the limit. , Zhao Hai saw that everyone had arrived, and then he said: "Okay, everyone is here. First of all, I would like to congratulate everyone. They have all joined the Qingyang Sect. From now on, we will be the official disciples of the Qingyang Sect."

Everyone chuckled. To be honest, they were still a little excited, but they were not too excited. At the beginning, they had just completed the task and arrived at Qingyang Sect. They were still very excited. Now He was no longer so excited, so he seemed much calmer.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "I just took a look at the things that the sect gave us. I took the identity tags with me and put on the robes. I also took a look at the jade slips that made the talismans. I can use them later. While practicing, the thing that gives me the biggest headache is actually the Jade Slips of the Kung Fu. I am a body practitioner, and I have no way of practicing the Kung Fu given to me by the sect. If I try to practice it forcibly, I will have to go crazy. You guys Where is everyone?" Zhao Hai decided to tell this matter directly and let everyone know, so that in the future he would not practice the sect's skills or add that magic circle to his dharma image. Go and no one can say anything.

Lin Cang and the others nodded. To be honest, none of them practiced the Qingyang Sect's techniques at the beginning. Naturally, they did not have the Qingyang Sect's magic circle. If you try to join their practice, there may be problems. Although they are not on hiatus, the situation is similar.

Xu Yuan smiled bitterly and said: "The same goes for us. The skills we are practicing now are not the sect's skills. If we forcibly add the magic circle into it, there will definitely be problems. So how do we add the magic circle into it? Adding it to our practice is indeed a problem.

Zhao Hai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "I think the sect must have a solution to this problem. We people used to have adults. Although we have joined the Qingyang Sect now, those adults will definitely If you contact us, we will ask the adults then."

Everyone nodded. They were all subordinates of those registered disciples. Although they had become outer disciples now, they were still subordinates of those registered disciples. Those registered disciples would definitely contact them in the future, so if anything happens, That’s when it’s time to say it.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "Although we are all subordinates who are not adults, our alliance will always exist. No matter who has anything to do in the future, if everyone can help, we will do our best." Help us if possible. Our identities may be a little special. You should also notice that the outer disciples outside are not very friendly to us. We can only rely on us in the sect. Even if we and those adults can help us, they cannot help us too much. We still have to rely on ourselves, so we all must unite, and our alliance must always exist."

Everyone nodded, Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "I don't have to occupy a dominant position. In fact, even if I occupy this position, it will not be of any benefit, right? You all will not give me anything. I won’t get any extra benefits from the things. I just serve as a link to connect everyone. In fact, I can’t control anyone.”

Lin Cang said at this time: "Junior brother Zhao Ying, don't say that. If it weren't for you, we wouldn't be sitting here today. We might have died in the Xuantie Mine a long time ago. We are all very sorry for you. Thank you, our alliance will always exist in the future, and you will be our leader."

The same goes for everyone else, and they all agree that Zhao Hai should be the leader of the alliance, because Zhao Hai's abilities are displayed here. In the mine, if it weren't for Zhao Hai, I'm afraid they would all die here, so for this matter Things, they are really grateful for.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Okay, then I won't be polite, I will definitely be the leader of the alliance, but then again, why do I feel like I am just a free worker, supporting the leader of the alliance? His reputation is of no benefit at all, hahahaha." Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, everyone else also laughed loudly, and the sound spread far and wide, attracting those who were practicing making talismans. The outer disciples couldn't help but look sideways.

At this moment, they heard a voice coming from outside the door: "Hey, it's quite lively." Everyone turned to look at the door and found a person standing there, looking at them with a smile on his face, Zhao When Hai saw the man, he was stunned. He quickly stood up and said to the man: "Sir, why are you here?"

The person coming was none other than Le Wenzhen. Le Wenzhen glanced at everyone in the room and said with a smile: "Don't call me adults, just call me senior brother. We will be senior brothers from now on. Come on, Zhao Ying, Come with me, I have something to ask you." Zhao Hai responded, turned to look at everyone, and nodded towards them.

Only then did everyone react and stood up at the same time, saluting Le Wenzhen. Le Wenzhen also returned the salute and said in a deep voice: "Okay, you are welcome. From now on, we will be brothers in the same sect, and we will treat each other." Take care of me." Everyone dared not say anything, and Zhao Hai followed Le Wenzhen to the yard.

However, Le Wenzhen did not talk to Zhao Hai in the courtyard, but directly led Zhao Hai back into the courtyard. The courtyard was full of registered disciples, and Zhao Hai did not say anything. , followed Le Wenzhen, and when the two of them arrived in the courtyard, he couldn't help but be stunned for a moment when he looked at the small courtyards.

Le Wenzhen glanced at Zhao Hai, smiled slightly and said: "This is where the registered disciples live. The conditions are much better than yours. However, I also came in as an outer disciple, so you have to work hard too." Le Wen I really don’t believe that Zhao Hai can become a registered disciple, he just said that.

Zhao Hai responded, and then followed Le Wenzhen to one of the small courtyards. There were thirty-six small courtyards here. As Le Wenzhen walked forward, he said to Zhao Hai: "There are always thirty-six people in this courtyard." There are six small courtyards, so there are thirty-six registered disciples. Of course, this is not a fixed number. Master believes that the number of thirty-six is ​​the number of Tiangang, so he can only accept thirty-six registered disciples at most. Now Many of these small courtyards are empty, and the number of senior disciples’ registered disciples is now only twenty-three.”

After speaking, Le Wenzhen pushed open the door of the small courtyard and entered the courtyard. The courtyard was very small and not very large. The ground of the entire courtyard was paved with bluestone slabs and there were no plants. , there were only a small stone table and four stone benches in the yard, and nothing else.

Le Wenzhen directly led Zhao Hai to the small building in the yard. The small buildings here are all two-story. The two entered the small building. This floor is a living room, plus a tea room, and The door of a room was closed, and I didn't know what it was used for. Le Wenzhen led Zhao Hai directly to sit in the living room.

After sitting down in the living room, Le Wenzhen said: "Zhao Ying, now you are an official disciple of Qingyang Sect, tell me, how do you feel?" As he said this, Le Wenzhen said with a look on his face Looking at Zhao Hai with a smile, it was obvious that he really wanted to know what Zhao Hai was thinking.

Zhao Hai quickly said: "I am very excited to tell you what to do. After all, this is a huge event for me. Thank you for giving me this opportunity." Of course, Zhao Hai knew that this time should be Of course he wouldn't show anything special about what he said.

Le Wenzhen smiled slightly and said in a deep voice: "Remember, from now on you will call me senior brother, and in the sect, you will call me lord. It's a bit strange, and others will think too much about it, so you must call me senior brother, and you can't call me lord anymore, right? Well, have you received the benefits of the sect?" Le Wenzhen is very happy that Zhao Hai can join the Qingyang Sect, and he also knows that when Zhao Hai joins the Qingyang Sect, there will definitely be some things, especially Zhao Hai's As for the exercises, he knew that Zhao Hai cultivated the body, and in the Qingyang Sect, although there were exercises for the cultivation of the body, because the Qingyang Sect did not pay attention to the exercises of the body, there were not many exercises for the body cultivation, which was why he had a headache. place, and this is what I am asking now.

Zhao Hai quickly said: "Yes, I got it, but there is a magic circle in the sect's welfare, which must be added to the dharma. But my dharma is completely different from the sect's exercises. I really don't You know what to do." Of course Zhao Hai wanted to take the opportunity to tell the matter. He really wanted to see what Le Wenzhen said.

Le Wenzhen nodded and said: "I have also thought of this. Among the sect's exercises, there is a magic circle. It is a magic circle unique to the sect. It has a strong blessing effect on the dharma. With that magic... Formation, our Dharma Formation will be not only three levels stronger than the ordinary Dharma Formation. Without that Dharma Formation, there will be many Dharma Formations, and that Dharma Formation is still a replaceable Dharma Formation. You can directly use that Dharma Formation. Just replace one of the magic formations in your Dharma Appearance. You are only in the Three Talents Realm now, so you can just replace it, and there will definitely be no problems."