c7958 defect

Zeng Yang looked at the corpse that Uncle Qi placed in front of him with a pale face. After a while, he turned to Uncle Qi and said, "Can you confirm his identity? Are you sure he is a disciple of Jiang Yuliu? Have you ever identified him before?" Pass on my order? Tell those people not to touch Zhao Ying?" Zeng Yang was really angry. He never expected that his disciple would be so courageous and not take his order seriously at all. What happened was that he really took action against Zhao Hai.

Uncle Qi said in a deep voice: "Yes, Master, I have passed on your order. This man is indeed Young Master Jiang Yuliu's personal servant. I have met him several times, so I remember him very clearly." Uncle Qi said He has always been the most loyal to Zeng Yang, so of course he will not go all over Zeng Yang.

Zeng Yang nodded, glanced at the specific person, and then said in a deep voice: "Check carefully to see if he used the art of disguise, and also, see what kind of poison he took." Uncle Qi responded. He made a sound, then carefully inspected the corpse, and then said: "Master, he did not use the art of disguise. He is indeed a servant of Master Jiang Yuliu. As for the poison he took, I think it looks a bit like a black devil. "

"Black Devil!" Upon hearing these two words, Zeng Yang's expression couldn't help but change. He immediately walked quickly to the servant, looked at the servant's body, and then opened the servant's mouth to see Looking around, he found that the mouths of the servants had completely turned black, but what was strange was that the teeth in his mouth had all turned into sharp points, just like the teeth of the devil.

As soon as he saw this situation, Zeng Yang's expression couldn't help but change. He said in a deep voice: "It is indeed a black devil, hahahaha. I really didn't expect that my disciple, Zeng Yang, would have such a poison. Go , call Jiang Yuliu over, I really want to hear his explanation."

The reason why Zeng Yang is so angry is because the poison of Black Devil is very famous in Wanshan Realm. It can be said that it is a prohibited poison. His invention is also very interesting. I heard that it is It is made from corpse poison and some other herbs. All people who die from this poison will have a black color on their faces. Of course, there are many poisons like this, and more What is surprising is that their mouths are all black, and their teeth become very sharp, just like devil's teeth, so they have such a name.

The poison of the Black Devil is improved from a poison of the Shadow Clan. Back then, a poison called Black Death from the Shadow Clan brought huge casualties to the Wanshan Realm. There is a good man here in the Wanshan Realm. The master of poison invented this poison after observing those who were poisoned by the Shadow Clan. The corpse poison used for this poison is not an ordinary corpse poison. It must be given by the Black Death Poison of the Shadow Clan. People who were poisoned to death, the corpse poison produced in their bodies can be used to make poison like the black devil.

It is precisely because of this that the use of this kind of poison is prohibited here in Wanshan Realm, but now this kind of poison appears here. How can Zeng Yang not be angry? He really wants to see this. How should Jiang Yuliu explain this matter? You must know that if people from the sect know about this matter, it will have a huge impact on him.

When Uncle Qi heard what Zeng Yang said, he quickly responded, turned around and walked out. After a while, he returned to Zeng Yang's room with an ugly face. Zeng Yang looked at Uncle Qi's appearance, and his expression sank involuntarily, and then He said solemnly: "What? Does he refuse to come?"

Uncle Qi shook his head and said: "No, Master, Jiang Yuliu is not in his room. Not only that, but also the other young masters are not in his room. Their rooms seem to have been unoccupied for a long time." , and I used the teleportation array to contact them, but I have been unable to contact them."

Zeng Yang's face became even more ugly. He snorted coldly and said: "Okay, that's great. Come on, come with me to have a look. I really want to take a look. They guys have all gone there. It's just right. , I’m going to take a look at the properties that were given to them. If they don’t give me an explanation today, I will take back all their properties.”

After saying that, Zeng Yang walked directly to Uncle Qi. Then a white light flashed on the two of them, and the next moment they had disappeared into the room. When Zeng Yang came to the property he had given to Jiang Yuliu, he found that Jiang Yuliu was not there. Not there, there is only one steward there, and that steward doesn’t know anything, and his property has been ruined. More importantly, all the supplies there have been diverted. Empty.

When he saw this situation, Zeng Yang's face became even more ugly. He then went to the properties managed by other disciples to take a look, and found that none of them were there, and the managers there didn't know what was going on. Son, and all the supplies there have been drained.

Zeng Yang's face became even more ugly. When Zeng Yang returned to Xuanfu Cave, he saw an old man standing in front of his small building waiting for him. When he saw the old man, Zeng Yang's expression changed. Suddenly, he hurriedly greeted him, saluted the old man and said, "Master Bao, why are you here?"

Although the old man was also dressed as a servant, he looked much older than Uncle Qi, and he didn't seem to have any spiritual energy fluctuations on his body. But Zeng Yang was in front of him, but he didn't dare to look down on him at all, because This old man is Zeng Yang's master, the master of Qingfeng Mountain, the Supreme Elder of Qingyang Sect, and the servant of Qingfengzi, Master Bao.

No one knows Baoye's real name. Baoye is an old man who has been following Qingfengzi since he started practicing. He can be said to be Qingfengzi's biggest confidant. His status here in Qingfeng Mountain can be said to be second only to Qingfengzi. Qingfengzi, so Zeng Yang would never dare to be disrespectful when he saw Master Bao.

Mr. Bao glanced at Zeng Yang, smiled slightly and said, "Young Master Zeng Yang, please come and ask me some questions." The old man spoke very calmly, and there was no sign of anything in the smile on his face. The question was even a little kind, but for some reason, Zeng Yang immediately connected this matter with Jiang Yuliu and the others, so he responded immediately, and then immediately walked to Bao Ye's side, Then the two of them disappeared in a flash of white light.

When Uncle Qi saw Zeng Yang leaving, his face was also very ugly. He was now certain that this matter must be related to Jiang Yuliu and the others, but he didn't know what the relationship was. But Qi Uncle didn't know. Uncle knew that Jiang Yuliu and the others must have done something extraordinary, which made Qingfengzi all come to Zeng Yang.

Zeng Yang followed Master Bao and came to a cave. The cave was very large and the interior was very simple. There was one person and a futon. There was nothing else. On the only futon in the cave, there was sitting a Man, this man looks very old. He has silver hair, two long eyebrows, and a beard that is about a foot long. He is also white. He is wearing a very ordinary blue robe, with a stick in his head. The sapphire hairpin makes the whole person seem to have integrated into the cave, giving people a misty feeling, as if they are not in the human world.

This person is none other than Qing Fengzi, one of the supreme elders of the Qingyang Sect. He has immortal-level strength. Now he rarely cares about worldly affairs. I heard that he is looking for something to prepare for refining his inner space. But no one knows whether those things have been found.

As soon as Zeng Yang saw Qingfengzi, he immediately saluted Qingfengzi and said, "Disciple Zeng Yang, I have met Master." Zeng Yang was Qingfengzi's registered disciple, so he called Qingfengzi Master. There is absolutely no problem. In fact, he has not seen Aomineko for many years.

Qingfengzi didn't even open his eyes. He had been sitting there with his eyes closed. After hearing Zeng Yang's voice, he said, "Are all the five disciples you accepted gone?" His voice was very clear. , but every word came to Zeng Yang's ears clearly.

Zeng Yang was stunned. Although he had been mentally prepared, when he heard that Qingfengzi was asking about this matter, he couldn't help but break into a cold sweat. He knew very clearly that it must be his disciples who did it. What happened? Otherwise, Qingfengzi would not come to him. Of course, he did not dare to hide it from Qingfengzi. He immediately said: "Yes, Master, my five disciples don't know where they went." Yes, the disciple is about to send someone to investigate."

Qingfengzi still did not open his eyes, but said: "Forget it, there is no need to check, all five of them have joined the Qianyuan Sect and become disciples of the Qianyuan Sect elder Niu Yujiao, and the reason why they are so far away from each other is At the Qianyuan Sect, it was just because you checked the properties they managed that they got scared and ran away."

When Zeng Yang heard what Qing Fengzi said, he couldn't help but his eyes darkened and he almost fainted. You must know that a disciple rebelling against the sect is a big deal and the impact on him is also very huge. This is tantamount to a cruel slap in his face. A hard slap, not only for him, but also for the Qianyuan Sect, it was like a slap in the face of the Qingyang Sect. It was almost like openly going to war with the Qingyang Sect.

It took Zeng Yang a while to come back to his senses, and he immediately said fiercely: "Disciple will go back immediately and hunt down those scoundrels. We must kill those scoundrels and also punish them." A lesson from Yuanzong, Qianyuanzong’s approach is really too much to deceive others, I must make them look good.”

Qingfengzi said in a deep voice: "No need, I have made an agreement with Wu Yuanzong, the Supreme Elder of Qianyuan Sect, and this matter ends here. You can't deal with Qianyuan Sect personally, but your disciples can, In other words, if your disciples can really grow up in the future and kill those traitors, the Qianyuan Sect will not care, but you can't take action."

Zeng Yang was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately responded. He knew very well that there were too many exchanges of interests between these supreme elders. Now the people of the Qianyuan Sect don't know what kind of price they have paid, and they can actually do it. Let Qingfengzi not pursue this matter, but in any case, Qingfengzi has already given an order, and he must abide by it, so he can only comply. Even so, Zeng Yang still secretly resented it in his heart. Therefore, he can be regarded as a famous master in Qingyang Sect, how can he swallow this tone.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.