c7956 arrange

Fang Keming said in a deep voice: "Yes, sir, now we have attracted more than a hundred people to join us, and we have also given them the skills that you gave us, sir. After getting the skills, those people were determined to are following us, and now we can collect a lot of information. Of course, this information mainly refers to some information around the Endless Abyss, and the information from various sects, we have no way to do it yet. "

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Okay, very good, I don't need their intelligence support yet, but I can give you three tasks. These three tasks are all long-term. The mission, first, is to collect some intelligence about Hell Gate. I know that you are all intelligence personnel of Hell Gate. All the information about Hell Gate is provided by you, but you don’t know much about the intelligence inside Hell Gate. What I want is for you to collect some intelligence about the inside of Hell Gate. Of course, you must be careful not to be discovered by the people at Hell Gate, otherwise, you may be in danger, so you must be careful, do you understand?"

The two responded at the same time, and Zhao Hai then said: "The second task is to collect information about the Shadow Clan. The Shadow Clan has contact with the Wanshan Realm almost every year, and the first person they come into contact with should be the one at the edge of the Endless Abyss. These casual cultivators are here, so you must collect this information carefully."

Du Xuan said: "You can rest assured, sir. We collect a lot of information about the Shadow Clan every year. This is what the people from Hell Gate ask us to do, so please don't worry, sir." When Du Xuan heard that Zhao Hai asked them to collect this information, He was immediately reassured. In his opinion, collecting this information was really simple and could be done openly.

Fang Keming also nodded and said in a deep voice: "It is indeed true, sir. We collect a lot of information about the Shadow Clan every year, and all of it is requested by the people from Hell Gate, so this task is not a problem at all." Fang Keming Although they don't understand what Zhao Hai means, it is indeed not difficult for them.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, that's good. The third task is to collect information about people being saved. I know that the people at Hell Gate are collecting information in this regard. What I want is, all Regarding the information about people being saved, do you understand what I mean?" What Zhao Hai meant was for Fang Qingming and Du Xuan to collect information about people being saved from the Hell Gate.

Fang Keming and Du Xuan also immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. They also discovered now that the intelligence network at Hell Gate seemed to come not only from them, but also from another intelligence network, and that intelligence network required They were more advanced than them. It was precisely because of this that Zhao Hai gave them such orders.

The two of them immediately responded, Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Be careful not to be discovered by the people from the Hell Gate. As long as you are not discovered by the people from the Hell Gate, you can continue to collect intelligence in the future. If In order to collect intelligence, you were discovered by the people from Hell Gate, and then it would be too late."

The two of them responded, and Zhao Hai nodded at them, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, I'm going back. I can't stay here for too long. If you have any news in the future, you can send it to me directly through the teleportation array. If there is any danger, you must tell me immediately."

The two of them responded, and then Zhao Hai moved and left the room. After Zhao Hai left, Du Xuan turned to Fang Keming and said: "Old Fang, what do you mean by this, sir? Why do you want to collect information about shadows?" Clan’s intelligence? With your current strength, do you think you should regard the Shadow Clan as your enemy?”

Of course they know about the Shadow Clan, but in their opinion, even if Zhao Hai joins the Qingyang Sect, he is just an outer disciple of Qingyang. If he wants to be an enemy of the Shadow Clan, that is still too far. He accepted that there was something going on in the Shadow Clan, and it was definitely not his turn to take care of it. So why was he collecting information on the Shadow Clan? They really couldn't figure it out.

Fang Keming said in a deep voice: "Okay, these things are not our responsibility. We just have to do our own thing. The adults will naturally have their own plans, so let's not worry about it." Fang Keming didn't think so much. , Zhao Hai gave them this opportunity, and they naturally wanted to seize it. As for what Zhao Hai was going to do, he didn't want to care.

At this time, Zhao Hai had already returned to his house in Linyuan Town. He put on the clothes of Hell Gate, and then went directly to the main hall of Hell Gate, and went directly to the Infinite Hell. He signed up for the Infinite Hell, and King Ping Ping was indeed waiting for him, and let him enter the main hall directly.

In the main hall, after saluting King Ping Ping, King Ping Ping looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Ying, your performance in Qing Yang Sect is very good, and you can actually win those who entered Qing Yang Sect with you. Disciples, all gathered together, this is great, better than we imagined."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but trembled in his heart. He had overestimated the strength of Hell Sect as much as possible, but the strength of Hell Sect was still beyond his imagination. Yang Zongli knew everything he did, and this was really beyond his expectation.

He also knew that the reason why King Pingping said this to him was actually to warn him, don't think that you can escape from the Hell Gate by joining the Qingyang Sect. Even if you join the Qingyang Sect, our Hell Gate can also Monitor you and even take care of you at any time.

Zhao Hai quickly saluted King Ping and said: "Thank you for the compliment, Your Highness. This is what I should do. There is nothing I can do about it. We are all peripheral members who have just joined Qingyang Sect. If we can't unite as a team, , then if we want to develop, it will be very slow, so I have to come forward and organize them all. Although this will make our development smoother, it will also attract the attention of some interested people. I also want to When this happened, I was worried that some thoughtful people in the Qingyang Sect would trace my identity. What does Your Highness think I should do?"

King Pingping said in a deep voice: "Don't worry, we won't let the people from Hell Gate discover our existence, and they won't be able to find anything, so don't worry." King Pingping said this very seriously, they really mean it. I feel that I have such ability, so I say this.

Zhao Hai pretended to be relieved, nodded and said: "Yes, Your Highness, then I understand." Zhao Hai must pretend to be like this, otherwise, it may arouse the suspicion of King Ping and others. When he came here this time, he actually reported to King Pingping and expressed his loyalty to King Pingping. He just told King Pingping, you see, I have already joined the Qingyang Sect, but I have time, so I still I came to Hell Gate to report. I am loyal to Hell Gate.

King Pingping nodded and said: "Okay, just understand. I'll give this to you. Don't come here often in the future. People from the Qingyang Sect may find out. If anything happens, just use this to keep in touch with us." Contact me. Now that you have joined the Qingyang Sect, I will give you a task to collect information about the Xuanfu lineage and Zeng Yang’s five true disciples. I know that your current status is not enough, so I am not in a hurry for this task. , you can collect it slowly.”

Zhao Hai responded, and King Ping Ping said in a deep voice: "Go back early. There are spies of the Qingyang Sect in Linyuan Town. Don't be discovered by them." Zhao Hai responded, then saluted King Ping Ping, then turned and left. , but Zhao Hai was very curious about this matter. He really wanted to know why King Pingping wanted to collect information on Zeng Yang's five true disciples. Is there anything wrong with those five people?

However, he did not say it or show it. Instead, he returned directly to Linyuan Town. After arriving at Linyuan Town, Zhao Hai went to find Wu Yang. The reason why he asked Wu Yang In the end, it was because he could fight Wu Yang openly without worrying about being discovered by others.

When Zhao Hai arrived at Wu Yang's room, Wu Yang was looking at Zhao Hai with excitement. As soon as he saw Zhao Hai coming, he immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Sir, you have finally become an official disciple of Qing Yang Sect. Congratulations, sir. Congratulations, sir." For Wu Yang and others who have been servants in the Qingyang Sect all their lives, becoming an official disciple of the Qingyang Sect is definitely a dream for them, that's why he looks like this of excitement.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said: "Okay, I am just an outer disciple now. I came to you this time just to know the information about Qingyang Sect, especially the information about Xuanhui lineage. Carefully Please tell me about it." This is actually what Zhao Hai is most concerned about.

When Wu Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he quickly said: "Sir, I also have some information to tell you. This information is very important to you. We heard the news that Elder Zeng Yang treats you like I am very interested and want to accept you as my disciple. Sir, you must behave well in the future and don't keep a low profile. Only in this way can you become the disciple of Elder Zeng Yang. He is a true disciple, not a registered disciple."

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Wu Yang with some disbelief and said, "Where did you hear this news? With my strength, I am afraid that I will not even become the registered disciple of Elder Zeng Yang." It’s impossible, let alone becoming Elder Zeng Yang’s true disciple. Is this news probably false?”

Wu Yang shook his head and said: "This news cannot be false, it is definitely true. This news came from Uncle Qi next to Elder Zeng Yang. Uncle Qi has already asked people to collect information about you. We I just received this news, so sir, this news is definitely true, please pay attention to it.

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but nodded and said: "If this is the case, then it is really good news. I will pay attention to it in the future. You should keep the portable teleportation array I gave you. If you really receive any bad news about me, you must notify me as soon as possible. Also, if I really have the opportunity to become the true disciple of Elder Zeng Yang, then the information about the other true disciples of Elder Zeng Yang , you have to start paying attention now, do you understand?"

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.