c7951 observe

Bao Yiqing invited Zhao Hai and the others to sit on the soft couch, and he sat at the bottom to accompany him. Without waiting for him to persuade him to drink, Zhao Hai said directly: "Senior Brother Bao, our time is very tight, so I won't be polite to you. Come on, please give Senior Brother Bao a good introduction to the situation in the valley, don’t leave anything behind, Zhao will not let Senior Brother Bao’s work go in vain.”

Zhao Hai and the others were really pressed for time, so he was not polite and told Bao Yiqing directly. When Bao Yiqing heard what Zhao Hai said, he quickly said: "Senior brother, it's too polite to say that. Well, this is what Bao should do. This matter actually started from half a year ago. Here in Luoye Valley, there is a landowner where nearby villagers often come to collect medicine. Half a year ago, the landowner came to Luoye Valley to collect medicine. People have never been back. People have been missing in Luoye Valley for several months. This alerted the local government. The local government immediately sent people to check the situation. At that time, they said that the Luoye Valley was full of ghosts. They I felt that this matter was not simple, so I reported it immediately. This was originally the territory of a baron. The baron immediately sent his men to check. After several people died, he finally felt that something was wrong, so he reported it to Shang Shang. The report was finally reported to us. By the time they reported the matter to us, it was already a month ago. We immediately sent people to check the situation, but what was surprising was that the person who came to check the situation at that time said , after they entered the valley, they didn’t see any ghosts, everything here seemed very normal, and there seemed to be nothing wrong.”

Having said this, Bao Yiqing showed a look of fear on his face, and he continued: "But not long after, an army of ghost soldiers rushed out from this valley, killing ten nearby people. The villages, totaling more than 10,000 people, were all slaughtered. Only then did we feel that something was wrong. When we sent people here, we found that a ghost town had been built in the Fallen Leaf Valley, and there was actually a ghost town in the ghost town. There are ghost generals. Although the strength of those ghost generals is average, we really can't spare too many manpower to deal with them. We have no choice but to report the matter to the Upper House. At the same time, we clear out the army and blockade the valley entrance. , those ghosts will attack our military camp every night, but fortunately we also have experience in dealing with it. The fences outside the military camp are all made of lightning-strike wood, which has sufficient yang energy. In addition, Bao also has some soft hands. , that’s why those ghosts didn’t rush out. Now that the senior brothers are here, that’s the best, I’ll leave this place to the senior brothers.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then asked: "How strong are the strongest ghost generals?" This is what Zhao Hai is most concerned about. If the ghost generals are too strong, then they may not be able to do anything about it. He couldn't cope with it, so he asked the question directly.

Bao Yiqing immediately spoke: "Those ghost generals, the strongest ones, are only at the Jiugong level, and there is only one ghost general who has reached the Jiugong level. The other ghost soldiers do not have such strength, but here There are so many ghosts, according to our calculations, the number of ghosts here is probably over a thousand."

Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at the sky, then turned to Huang Xiang and the others and said in a deep voice: "It's past noon now, so it's not the best time to attack ghosts. Senior Brother Huang, Senior Brother Xu, Senior Brother Xu, Lin Senior Brother, Senior Brother Zhao, Senior Brother Yun, and Senior Brother Yan, each of you will lead five disciples and divide them into seven groups. Each group will monitor the ghosts for an hour. Remember, even if those ghosts attack the camp at night, as long as the camp is If we haven't been attacked, don't take action. After you all monitor it, it's almost time for us to attack."

Several people all responded, and Zhao Hai turned to Bao Yiqing and said: "Senior Brother Bao, please arrange a place for us to live. Also, please tell the generals in the military camp, in order to kill those ghosts. When the ghosts come to attack tonight, we will not take action. After understanding the reality of those ghosts, we will attack those ghosts tomorrow to avoid causing their misunderstanding and affecting the reputation of our Qingyang Sect."

When Bao Yiqing heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. Zhao Hai's meaning was very obvious. They would not take action tonight to avoid alerting those ghosts, but if they If they don't take action, those mortals will feel that they are nothing more than that, and may even wonder if they don't dare to deal with those ghosts, so they don't take action. This will indeed have some impact on the reputation of Qingyang Sect, so Zhao Hai Let him inform the generals first to avoid misunderstanding.

This made Bao Yiqing even more fond of Zhao Hai. It may be a bit ridiculous to say that the disciples of the Lower Court like Bao Yiqing and others paid more attention to the reputation of Qingyang Sect than some of the disciples of the Upper Court, because Qingyang If the sect's reputation is really bad, then they are doomed. They will lose control of all countries. Naturally, all countries will no longer respect them, and they will not be able to enjoy everything they have now, so in the end Those who didn't want Qingyang Sect's reputation to be damaged were the disciples of the Lower Court, so when Zhao Hai said this, he immediately understood what was going on, responded directly, and then immediately went to Zhao Hai They arranged a place to stay, and Zhao Hai was not polite to him, and directly asked for eight tents, seven for Lin Cang and the others to rest, and one for himself.

Bao Yiqing immediately went to make arrangements. After a while, the tents were arranged. Zhao Hai went directly to rest. However, Huang Xiang had already taken people to monitor the ghosts in the valley, and the others also went to rest. Go, for them, Zhao Hai did not arrange a rotation for himself, which was very normal, and no one objected.

During the day, the Fallen Leaf Valley was still very quiet. At night, ghost cries could be heard from time to time in the Fallen Leaf Valley, which was very scary. However, this did not have any impact on Zhao Hai and the others. They still monitored the Fallen Leaf Valley. There, until Haishi, there was a loud cry of ghosts in the Fallen Leaf Valley, and then countless ghosts wearing armor, without legs, and their legs were just a mass of black mist, rushed out of the Fallen Leaf Valley and headed straight towards the big land. Ying pounced.

The camp was also ready at this time. All the soldiers were holding weapons and guarding behind the fence. The weapons in their hands had a layer of gleaming light. If the ghosts got close to the fence, they would use The weapons in their hands attacked the ghosts. Those ghosts seemed to be a little afraid of the weapons in their hands, and in the end they could only return with no function.

While Zhao Hai was entering, he was also observing the ghosts. The strength of those ghosts was indeed not very good. However, what surprised Zhao Hai was that the ghost general did not appear. And on the fence of the military camp, there were indeed It has a strong yang energy, and those ghosts dare not approach it.

After the ghosts retreated, Zhao Hai did not give up monitoring them. It was not until the next day, in the morning of the next day, that Zhao Hai and the others stopped monitoring the ghosts, and Zhao Hai directly let them go to rest. , they are preparing to launch an attack on Fallen Leaf Valley at noon. Noon is the time when Yang Qi is at its strongest, and the ghosts will be affected the most and their strength will be greatly reduced. This is the best time for them to attack.

Everyone rested until noon, which is a full hour, and in this hour, from two quarters after noon, it is the time when the yang energy is the most abundant, so they still have enough time. When it just entered noon, Zhao Hai He called Huang Xiang and others to his tent. After they all arrived, Zhao Hai said: "Everyone, tell me what you have observed. We are waiting for two quarters of an hour. Attack on Fallen Leaf Valley."

Huang Xiangxian said: "I took a look at the ghost town in the Fallen Leaf Valley yesterday. Their ghost town is really a city. They actually built a city wall with stones taken from the Fallen Leaf Valley. This wall was built in the narrowest part of the Fallen Leaf Valley. This place can be said to be easy to defend but difficult to attack. I really don’t understand why those ghosts would build such a city.”

Zhao Hai nodded and said in a deep voice: "This should be related to a legend here in Fallen Leaf Valley. It is said that Fallen Leaf Valley was originally not famous, but something happened in Qingsong Kingdom more than a hundred years ago. A general of the country was found to be treason, and the king of the Qingsong Kingdom ordered everyone to be executed. The general refused to die and rose up to resist. Finally, he and a hundred of his men fled to the Fallen Leaf Valley, but he was still killed by the Qingsong Kingdom. The king sent people to kill them all here in the Fallen Leaf Valley, and just after the general was killed, all the leaves of the green pine trees in the Fallen Leaf Valley fell overnight. This is how the name of the Fallen Leaf Valley came about. It is said that the general was wrongly accused, but since the man is dead, there is naturally no way to find out. And the Fallen Leaf Valley is afraid of becoming a ghost land. I think it is also directly related to this matter. "

Huang Xiang and the others were all stunned. They only paid attention to the number of those ghosts and their strength. They never thought about how those ghosts were formed. Now when they heard what Zhao Hai said, they suddenly discovered that, It seems that this is really the case. The formation of those ghosts is probably inseparable from this incident.

However, Lin Cang frowned and said: "Leader, if this is really the case, then the number of ghosts in this valley is somewhat inconsistent. I remember that the number of ghosts will not be less than a thousand, but before you I also said that according to legend, the general fled here with only a hundred people, and they all died here in the end. This number doesn’t seem to match, right?”

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "That's right, don't forget, every year there are people who come to Fallen Leaf Valley to collect medicine and finally die here in Fallen Leaf Valley. It has been more than a hundred years. Even if only ten people die every year, there are still one There are more than a thousand people, not to mention, there should be more than ten people who die here every year, and the reason why it was not discovered before is that all those people did not die in a short period of time, so no one paid attention, so we know , Why did those ghosts build a city? If the leading ghost general was really a general before, then it is not surprising that they would build a city there."