c7955 Return to town

While everyone was waiting uneasily, the next day finally arrived. Zhao Hai was not nervous at all. Although he didn't know what Zeng Yang thought of him, he believed that a person with the status of Uncle Qi was You won’t think highly of their little contribution. Who is Uncle Qi? Apart from Zeng Yang, he was the highest-ranking person in Zeng Yang's lineage. How could he value their little contribution?

While everyone was waiting uneasily, the time slowly came to Chen hour, and Zhao Hai heard a voice from outside: "Is Zhao Ying here?" As soon as Zhao Hai heard the voice, he knew that the speaker was Qi. Uncle, he responded immediately and walked out of the room directly.

Sure enough, when he went outside and took a look, he found Uncle Qi standing outside, and the disciples from the outer sect all looked at Uncle Qi in surprise. It could be seen that they should have come to give Uncle Qi a gift before. Zhao Hai was heartbroken. He bowed to Uncle Qi and said, "Greetings to Uncle Qi. Uncle Qi will invite you inside."

Uncle Qi waved his hand and said: "That's it, I won't go in. This is your thing, keep it." After saying that, he threw a space bag to Zhao Hai, and Zhao Hai quickly took it, and then He thanked Uncle Qi, but he did not open the space bag. Now if he opens the space bag in front of Uncle Qi, it would be a distrust of Uncle Qi, which would cause Uncle Qi's dissatisfaction.

Uncle Qi waved his hand, then turned and left. The disciples from the outer sect all stood up and saluted to Uncle Qi. Uncle Qi just nodded and left directly. When Uncle Qi left, those disciples from the outer sect all stood up and saluted to Uncle Qi. The look in Zhao Hai's eyes had changed. They all didn't understand who Zhao Hai was and why Uncle Qi came to him alone.

Zhao Hai had no intention of explaining to those people. He returned to the room, opened the space bag and took a look. Sure enough, there were a lot of pills inside. There were many more pills than he imagined. Zhao Hai turned around again He glanced at the others, then handed the space bag to Lin Cang, and said to Lin Cang: "The pills are all here, let's share them with everyone."

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, Lin Cang and the others were relieved. Lin Cang immediately took the space bag. Then he swept his mental energy into the space bag and saw the pill inside clearly. Lin Cang couldn't help but whisper. He said: "So many?" He really didn't expect that there would be so many pills here.

Zhao Hai said with a smile: "Uncle Qi said yesterday that it would be much cheaper for him to buy elixirs for us than to buy them ourselves. Now it seems that it is indeed the case. If there is a chance in the future, we must repay it well." Daqi Uncle Qi, okay, let’s not talk about this anymore, divide the elixirs, and then everyone will go to practice. Remember, in half a month, after half a month, we will gather together to prepare Practiced.”

Everyone agreed, and then they all distributed the elixirs. Of course, Zhao Hai also got some elixirs. After getting the elixirs, he returned to his room. He did not go to practice, but He was in contact with the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, especially Shi Jin and the others.

Now Zhao Hai has stopped asking Shi Jin and the others to investigate the Hell Gate. There is no need to investigate. Now Zhao Hai has asked Shi Jin and the others to investigate the matter of transcending people. Zhao Hai is very curious about this organization. I really want to know how this organization operates and who its people are.

I asked about the salvation of people, but did not get any results. Zhao Hai did not urge Shi Jin and the others. They had just come to Wanshan Realm from the Blood Killing Sect for a few months. In time, it is already very good that they can develop to this extent. It is impossible to find out a secret organization like Chaodu Ren.

After contacting Shi Jin and the others, Zhao Hai contacted Lao Liutou again. He had to know the situation of Lanka. The result was okay. Lanka was doing well now and was practicing with peace of mind, because Lanka was now The strength is already very good, so the Gongsun family also has great expectations for Lanka, so the support for Lanka has become more and more, which is exactly what Zhao Hai wants to see.

There was nothing going on in these two places, so Zhao Hai was ready to go back to Linyuan Town. He had to go back to see the situation in Linyuan Town. He was really not sure about the Ancient Sword Gang. Don't worry, at the same time, he also has to meet Fang Keming and the others. Of course, he doesn't have to go to Hell Gate. He needs to explain the situation here to the people at Hell Gate, and let Hell Gate The person knows what he is doing now.

The Hell Gate organization is so secretive, which means that their intentions are not trivial. Zhao Hai must keep in touch with them to see if Hell Gate can give him any support. Although he now knows some about Hell Gate, But Zhao Hai has always felt that what he has come into contact with is just the tip of the iceberg of Hell Gate. He still doesn't know how powerful Hell Gate is.

However, he did not return to Linyuan Town immediately. He knew very well that if he returned to Linyuan Town immediately, it would arouse suspicion from others, so he had to wait for ten days. , Ten days later, Zhao Hai came out of the room, and then went to the teleportation array. Through the teleportation array, he arrived at a Fangshi outside. Then from Fangshi, he used the portable teleportation array to return to Linyuan. Town there.

When Zhao Hai returned to Linyuan Town, he was immediately discovered by the people in the town. The people in the town immediately gathered around him. Zhao Hai greeted them with a smile, and then went directly to his yard. Xiao Jiu and the others arrived at his yard immediately. Zhao Hai glanced at Xiao Jiu and the others. The weather was getting a little cold now. People in the town almost stopped going out to collect herbs and had already begun to prepare for training.

When Xiao Jiu and the others saw Zhao Hai, they were a little excited, and then asked: "Brother, how are you doing now?" Zhao Hai was now wearing Qingyang Sect disciple Qingyi, and he looked very energetic, but Xiao Jiu and the others They are still very worried about Zhao Hai. After all, Zhao Hai has entered Qingyang Sect alone, and they have no way to help Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, then threw a space bag to Xiao Jiu and the others, and then Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "I am living a good life now. In Qingyang Sect, everything is going very smoothly. You put this away, inside These are some things I prepared for you. I didn’t prepare magic weapons for you. They were just some elixirs and some Zhengyang Talisman. The Zhengyang Talisman is for use on yourself. It can restrain some ghosts. If you encounter ghosts outside in the future, , can be used.”

Xiao Jiu and the others responded. Zhao Hai looked at Xiao Jiu and the others and said, "How is it? Have you started training?" In fact, Zhao Hai knew that Xiao Jiu and the others had not started training yet because Xiao Jiu and the others were still preparing. , you must know that in the Gujian Gang, only a few people go to train, and there are many people who cannot go to train. And if they want to train, they must arrange for some people to stay behind, otherwise, if someone really comes to deal with them , but they still don’t have the strength to fight back, which would be troublesome.

Xiao Jiu immediately said: "Brother, we haven't started training yet, but we are getting ready to start soon. We were preparing some things to make the town safer, and then we will start training." Xiao Jiu naturally He would not hide it from Zhao Hai, so he told Zhao Hai everything.

After hearing what Xiao Jiu said, Zhao Hai said to Xiao Jiu: "Okay, very good, you are very thoughtful. You must make arrangements at home, and then go to training. Did you do everything I asked you to do before?" Okay?" Before Zhao Hai left, he told Xiao Jiu that if Xiao Jiu and the others had time, they must do something, that is, dig a tunnel under Linyuan Town and dig out the entire Linyuan Town. The underground of Yuan Town has been dug out. If someone attacks them, they will immediately send some old people and children directly to the tunnel through the tunnel to ensure their safety. Zhao Hai is now That's what I'm asking about.

Xiaojiu said quickly: "Brother, don't worry, everything has been done." They have been doing what Zhao Hai said. They have been building this tunnel. If they hadn't built this tunnel, they wouldn't have been able to do it until now. To practice, but they also feel that it is very necessary to build this tunnel.

Zhao Hai nodded, then looked at everyone and said: "I believe you can do a good job. I have always believed in you. Although I have joined the Qingyang Sect, this will always be my home. I won’t say more. I am now a disciple of the Qingyang Sect and cannot stay outside for a long time. I am coming back this time just to deal with the things here. You and I won’t worry about it anymore. In the next few months, You just have to practice with peace of mind, do you understand?"

Xiao Jiu and the others all responded, and Zhao Hai waved his hands. Xiao Jiu and the others then left. After Xiao Jiu and the others left, Zhao Hai stood up and first went to find Fang Keming and Du Xuan. After Keming and Du Xuan heard that Zhao Hai was back, they went to Fang Keming's place to wait for Zhao Hai, so they were not surprised when they saw Zhao Hai arriving.

Zhao Hai glanced at the two of them and couldn't help but smile slightly: "Do you two know that I will definitely come?" Zhao Hai has great trust in the two of them. The skills that these two are practicing now are indeed similar to those of others. He has a certain connection. If these two people want to harm him, Zhao Hai will know it immediately. He knows that the two people are very loyal to him, so his attitude towards them is also very good.

Fang Keming said with a smile: "We don't know anymore, but even if you don't come to us, sir, we will beat you. There has been some progress in what you asked us to do. We must ask you, sir." You can just report it." Although Fang Keming and Du Xuan respected Zhao Hai very much, they were not too reserved when talking to Zhao Hai.

As soon as Zhao Hai heard what Fang Keming said, he knew what he was talking about. Zhao Hai had asked Fang Keming to win over some peripheral members of Hell Gate and make those people theirs. Obviously Fang Keming had done a good job. When he thought of this , Zhao Hai couldn't help but feel a little excited. He looked at Fang Keming and said, "Tell me carefully." This matter is something Zhao Hai is very concerned about. If there is such an intelligence network, it will be very beneficial to him.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.