c7959 envious

"Chapter error, click here to report"

Qingfengzi seemed to have felt his anger, but said: "The Qianyuan Sect, in order to show its gratitude, transferred you ten black iron mines and two spiritual stone mines, so you should take care of this matter first. Let it go, and when your disciples are able to take revenge, you can take revenge."

Zeng Yang responded, Qingfengzi waved his hand, Zeng Yang saluted Qingfengzi, then exited the cave, and directly used the portable teleportation array to return to his own Mysterious Talisman Cave. As soon as he entered his little Floor, Zeng Yang immediately said to Uncle Qi with a livid face: "Go and call Zhao Ying."

Uncle Qi responded. Although he didn't know what Zeng Yang wanted to do, he knew that something important must have happened. Otherwise, Zeng Yang wouldn't have reacted like this, so he didn't ask any more questions. , immediately went to call someone. As for what to call Zhao Hai for, he already had some ideas in mind.

After a while, Uncle Qi arrived at the place where the outer disciples lived, and came directly outside Zhao Hai and his room, and then said: "Zhao Ying, come out." Uncle Qi will no longer be polite to Zhao Hai now, he knows Zeng Yang's matter must be very urgent, so he directly called Zhao Hai out.

Zhao Haizheng was staying in his room. To be honest, he was still a little worried because he used Dharma here in Xuanfu Cave, which was a serious crime in itself. Now when he heard that Uncle Qi was so rude to him, he couldn't help but be stunned. , but he still rushed out of the room immediately, then saluted to Uncle Qi and said: "Greetings to Uncle Qi."

Uncle Qi looked at him, nodded and said, "Follow me." After saying that, Uncle Qi turned around and headed into the cave. Although Zhao Hai didn't understand what was going on, he still hurriedly followed, and the two of them flew straight away. Arriving at the innermost part of the cave, in front of Zeng Yang's small building, Uncle Qi then led Zhao Hai directly to the small building.

After a while, the two of them arrived on the third floor. When they arrived on the third floor, they saw Zeng Yang sitting behind the table with a calm face. Uncle Qi saluted Zeng Yang and said, "I have met the master. Zhao Ying brought him here." ." After saying that, he stepped aside and stepped aside. At this time, Zhao Hai quickly stepped forward to salute Zeng Yang and said, "Zhao Ying pays homage to the ancestor."

Zeng Yang looked at Zhao Hai and then spoke: "Zhao Ying, I heard that you are a physical practitioner? But looking at your body shape, it seems that it is not the shape that a physical practitioner should have? Tell me, are you really a physical practitioner? A physical practitioner?" Zeng Yang looked at Zhao Hai calmly, as if he wanted to see through Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai quickly said: "Replying to the ancestor, the disciple is indeed a physical cultivator. Originally, the disciple was just an ordinary casual cultivator. Later, he obtained a physical cultivating technique, but this physical cultivating technique is different from the general physical cultivating technique. The method is completely different. What he mainly practices is actually human flexibility, not strength. This set of exercises consists of twelve Zhuang methods. The disciple is just getting started now. The disciple uses the ape shape. The Dharma Appearance is just an ordinary ape-shaped Dharma Appearance that I learned later. It is actually somewhat different from the exercises learned by the disciples. However, although the exercises learned by the disciples are wonderful, they are only basic exercises. , and there is no content about the Dharma."

Zeng Yang nodded, then looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Okay, then you can practice the skills you have learned and show me." Zeng Yang was very curious as to what skills Zhao Hai practiced. In this way, he also wanted to see if Zhao Hai was suitable to learn his skills.

In fact, he has calmed down a bit now. When he just came back from Qingfengzi, he was very angry. That's why he asked Uncle Qi to go to Zhao Hai. He just wanted to accept Zhao Hai as a disciple and let Zhao Hai get married as soon as possible. After completing his studies, he went to kill Jiang Yuliu and several other traitors.

But after Uncle Qi left, he slowly calmed down. He found that the possibility was not very high. It would take a long time for Zhao Hai to deal with those traitors. You must know his The current strength of several disciples may have reached the Tiangang level. Zhao Hai is only at the Sancai level now, so the difference in strength is huge.

Because of this, he regretted it a little, but he had already called Zhao Hai, and he wanted to see if Zhao Hai was suitable for his technique. If Zhao Hai was suitable for his technique, then It's even simpler. He can directly accept Zhao Hai as his disciple and train Zhao Hai well. If Zhao Hai is not suitable for practicing his skills, then he can just send Zhao Hai back. That's why he met Zhao Hai. He also asked Zhao Hai to practice the skills he knew.

Zhao Hai responded, and immediately saluted Zeng Yang, and then started to stand. Zhao Hai's stances were dragon, tiger, monkey, horse, cat, rooster, eagle, bear, snake, harrier, swallow, and Ni. , waiting for twelve pile positions, these twelve pile positions have really never been seen by others, but they are really a set of wonderful methods for physical training.

After Zeng Yang watched Zhao Hai practice the pile technique once, he couldn't help but nod secretly in his heart. He found that this set of exercises was indeed a good set of exercises, and then he said: "Okay, not bad, let's do this. From today on, you are Are you willing to become my official disciple?" Zeng Yang still couldn't calm down. Now that he saw that Zhao Hai could indeed be cultivated, he couldn't help but feel alive again, so he decided to follow his original path. The plan is to train Zhao Hai well, and then let Zhao Hai help him regain his face.

After Zhao Hai heard Zeng Yang's words, he was stunned. He never thought that Zeng Yang would accept him as a disciple, and he was not a registered disciple, but a formal disciple. This was completely beyond his expectation. Besides, Zhao Hai really didn't know what to say for a moment.

When his performance like this fell into Zeng Yang's eyes, he naturally thought that he was so happy that he didn't think much about it. Instead, he looked at Zhao Hai with a calm face. It took Zhao Hai a while to come back to his senses. When he came back to his senses, he immediately knelt down to Zeng Yang and said, "Disciple, pay homage to the master." He was so good that he forgot about everything else and went to pay homage to the master directly.

Zeng Yang looked at Zhao Hai and just nodded, and then said: "Okay, from today on, you are my disciple. You may also know that I had several disciples before I became a teacher, but now there are For some things, I am the only official disciple now. You are the only one. Go back and tidy up, and move to the courtyard of the official disciple immediately. You can live in those courtyards as you like, and I will help you. You will be paired with a few servants, and part of the property will be handed over to you to take care of, but that is a story later. After you move here, come to me to learn the techniques first."

Zhao Hai responded, and Zeng Yang then said: "Xiao Qi, go with him and help him move all his things. Go ahead." Uncle Qi responded, then turned around and led Zhao Hai out. Zhao Hai saluted Zeng Yang and said, "Thank you Master, I'm leaving." Zeng Yang nodded, and then Zhao Hai followed his seventh uncle and walked out.

When the two returned to the outer disciple's yard, Uncle Qi asked Zhao Hai to pack his things. Then he looked at the outer disciple and said loudly: "From today on, Zhao Ying is the true disciple of the cave master. Yes, everyone must not be scornful when they see him. If you violate him, don’t blame me for being rude."

When Uncle Qi said this, everyone was stunned, including Lin Cang and his friends. Lin Cang and the others would never have thought that Zhao Hai just went out with Uncle Qi and came back as the cave master. He is a true disciple, what is going on? How could there be such a big change? This made them unable to react at all for a while.

At this time, Zhao Hai also walked out of the room. He clasped his fists at the people around him. Although he couldn't hide the joy on his face, he couldn't show any arrogance. But even so, he He also received unabashed envy from everyone around him.

Uncle Qi did not care so much, and turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Young Master, if you have already packed up, please come with me." Although Uncle Qi's status is very high, no matter what, he is also A servant, but Zhao Hai is Zeng Yang's true disciple, so there is no problem for him to call Zhao Hai his young master.

Zhao Hai quickly said: "I've already packed it up. Uncle Qi is too polite. You don't need to call me Young Master. Just call me Zhao Ying." Zhao Hai didn't dare to show off in front of Uncle Qi, so he did this Said, at this time Uncle Qi responded and said to Zhao Hai: "Young Master is too polite, please come with me."

Zhao Hai responded, and then followed Uncle Qi to fly to the backyard. Everyone else looked at Zhao Hai with extremely envious eyes. Zhao Hai could be said to have reached the sky in one step. How could they not be envious. Even Lin Cang and the others looked at Zhao Hai with envy.

Zhao Hai didn't have time to think so much now. He followed Uncle Qi to the courtyard where only true disciples could live. Then he found a courtyard and lived there directly. After he settled in, Zhao Hai followed Uncle Qi directly. In Zeng Yang's small building, after the two of them went upstairs, Zeng Yang was still in the study. When he saw the two coming, he nodded to Zhao Hai, and then said: "Are you all settled?"

Zhao Hai responded, and Zeng Yang nodded, and then said: "Although I am an elder of Qingyang Sect, my strongest skill is not the art of making talismans, but the art of physical cultivation. But no one knows about this." It’s just a matter of fact, because my body cultivation technique is completely different from other people’s body cultivation technique. My body cultivation technique is actually focused on speed, so it will not affect my body shape, and your body cultivation technique is actually It’s almost the same, so I chose you to be my disciple.”

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, but he still responded. Zeng Yang looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Zhao Ying, when you become my disciple, you must know why I accepted you as my disciple. Besides because In addition to the fact that you are also a physical cultivation disciple, there is another reason, that is, all five of my former disciples defected from the sect and joined the Qianyuan Sect."

When Zhao Hai heard what Zeng Yang said, he couldn't help but be stunned. He had thought about many reasons why Zeng Yang accepted him as his disciple, but he never thought that it was this reason. This made him surprised. You know, in In any sect, it would be a big deal if a disciple rebelled against the sect, so when he heard what Zeng Yang said, he was really surprised. He never expected that such a thing would happen.

"Add bookmarks for easy reading"