c7957 Weird

Zhao Hai dealt with all these matters in one day as if rushing to work, and then returned directly to Qingyang Sect and the cave of the Xuanfu lineage. As soon as he entered the courtyard of the outer disciples, he was alone. When he came up, the man clasped his fists at Zhao Hai and said, "But Mr. Zhao Ying? Sir, my master invites you to come."

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then looked at the man with some confusion and said, "Who is your master?" He could see that the person who was looking for him was actually a servant, but this servant was no better than Wu Yang. Young Master, he was wearing the clothes of a servant, but judging from his demeanor, he had a hint of arrogance, which really surprised Zhao Hai.

The man looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "My master is Le Wenzhen. Please come with me." As he spoke, he made a gesture of invitation to Zhao Hai, and when Zhao Hai heard what he said, He was Le Wenzhen's servant. He was really stunned for a moment. He really didn't expect that Le Wenzhen would have such an arrogant servant. However, he responded immediately and followed the servant. Walk to the courtyard of the registered disciple.

But as soon as he arrived at the named disciple's courtyard, he felt something was wrong. He had been to Le Wenzhen's courtyard, but the way the servant led him was obviously not the way to Le Wenzhen's place. This made Zhao Hai feel that something was very serious. Something was wrong, and he stopped immediately.

As soon as the servant saw him stop, he stopped immediately, turned to Zhao Hai and said, "Sir, why did you stop?" When he said this, there was no respect at all. On the contrary, the two of them were in awe. He kept looking at Zhao Hai, as if he wanted to see through him. His behavior definitely didn't look like a servant.

Zhao Hai looked at the man and said in a deep voice: "This doesn't seem to be the way to Master Le's yard, right? Are you really Master Le looking for me? Are you sure you are Master Le's servant?" Zhao Hai has already expressed his concern for this man. He became suspicious of his identity, because he found that this person's strength seemed to be very strong. Although it was not as good as Le Wenzhen, it was not much worse than Le Wenzhen. It was absolutely impossible for a person like this to be Le Wen is really a servant.

Coupled with his arrogance, Le Wenzhen is actually a very low-key person at ordinary times. After all, he is not a person who is taken seriously among the registered disciples. Therefore, a person like him must not have such a low-key person. The identity of this arrogant servant cannot be that of Le Wenzhen.

When the servant heard what Zhao Hai said, the expression on his face did not change. He just looked at Zhao Hai coldly and said, "What do you mean by this? Doesn't it mean that even Master Le wants to see you now?" Do I still need to tell you where Mr. Le is?" His words were already very rude.

Zhao Hai looked at the servant and laughed suddenly: "It's ridiculous, it's really ridiculous. Do you know what my relationship is with Lord Le? You dare to pretend to be Lord Le's servant. You really don't know how to live or die. Say, you Who is he? Otherwise, don’t blame me for being rude."

When the man heard what Zhao Hai said, a strange expression suddenly appeared on his face. He looked at Zhao Hai with a trace of disdain in his eyes, and said in a deep voice: "What you mean is, if I don't say anything, , are you going to attack me? Is that what you mean?" There was a hint of disdain and a hint of ridicule in his words.

Zhao Hai glanced at the man, suddenly smiled and said: "You're right!" As soon as he finished speaking, his figure swayed, and a giant ape appeared around him. When he appeared, he immediately looked up to the sky and screamed, and then punched the man directly. The punch was very fast and powerful.

The servant obviously didn't expect that Zhao Hai would dare to come up and attack with Dharma. He thought that Zhao Hai was stationed in the Xuan Fu lineage. Even if he wanted to attack here, he would be very careful and not dare to make too big a move. He might not even dare to make a move. After all, Zhao Hai is just an outer disciple. If he dared to make a move on the ground of Xuanfu lineage, he would be punished afterwards. However, he did not expect that Zhao Hai would actually He took action as soon as he came up and used the Dharma image directly.

One wrong step, one wrong step, he didn't even think about it, so when the giant ape's fist hit him, he didn't even have time to react. He could only instinctively hug his arms to his chest, wanting to Zhao Hai resisted Zhao Hai's punch, but no one in Zhao Hai gave him this chance. Although the giant ape's punch seemed powerful and heavy, as if it was moving forward inexorably, when the giant ape was about to hit him, But suddenly disappeared, that is to say, Zhao Hai's Dharma image suddenly disappeared.

Just when the man was in a daze, he suddenly felt a numbness on his body, and then he saw that Zhao Hai had stood behind him without knowing when, and tapped his body several times with his fingers. All his cultivation levels were sealed, but this discovery made his expression change. He did not expect that Zhao Hai would be so cunning.

At this moment, a voice was heard saying: "Who dares to do something here?" Following this voice, an old man suddenly appeared above Zhao Hai and the servant. Zhao Hai looked up , and found that the person who spoke was none other than Uncle Qi, and Uncle Qi was slightly startled when he saw Zhao Hai below.

Zhao Hai quickly saluted the seventh uncle and said: "Greetings to the seventh uncle, the seventh uncle, this person pretended to be a servant of senior brother Le Wenzhen and deceived me here. His behavior was weird, so I couldn't release the Dharma and restrain him." Stop it, please ask Uncle Qi to investigate clearly." Of course Zhao Hai would not hide this from Uncle Qi.

When Uncle Qi heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he glanced at the man wearing servant clothes, then frowned and said in a deep voice: "Aren't you a servant of Young Master Jiang Yuliu? Why are you pretending to be Young Master Le? The Lord's servant?" It can be said that Uncle Qi has been helping Zeng Yang and managing the entire Xuan Fu lineage, so he recognized who that person was at a glance.

When the servant heard what Uncle Qi said, his face couldn't help but change. Then he gritted his teeth hard. The next moment, his face turned black, and he bled to death. He actually committed suicide directly. As soon as he saw this situation, Uncle Qi's expression couldn't help but change, and then it turned ugly. He snorted coldly and said: "Okay, such a method was used on my head. I really don't know how to live or die." ." After saying that, he waved his hand and directly grabbed the servant's body. Then he turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Zhao Ying, you go back to your room now, I won't call you. ", don't come out." Zhao Hai responded immediately, then exited the courtyard of the registered disciples, returned to the courtyard of the outer disciples, and then quickly returned to his room.

As soon as he arrived in his room, Lin Cang and the others surrounded him. Lin Cang and the others had seen Zhao Hai fighting and knew that Zhao Hai's appearance was a giant ape. Although this kind of appearance was very ordinary, in Qingyang There shouldn't be many used here, so as soon as they saw the Dharma form, they knew that it was Zhao Hai who took action. This was what surprised them.

When Zhao Hai saw that almost everyone had arrived, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then said with a smile: "You are all here? What? Have you all digested those pills?" Zhao Hai knew that these people should still be there now It's better to digest those pills of your own. Why did they suddenly appear here.

Huang Lian hurriedly said: "You made such a big noise, how could we not come and tell you, what is going on? Why did you release the Dharma? Don't you know where this place is? The voice just now was Uncle Qi, right? ?What punishment have you received?" Everyone else looked at Zhao Hai nervously.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "I was the seventh uncle just now, but I was not punished. Whether I will be punished in the future is not certain, but something did happen just now. Someone pretended to be Lord Le's servant and got everyone here. In the courtyard of the registered disciples, if I had not known Master Le’s residence and discovered that something was wrong, it is really hard to say what would have happened now. In order to restrain that person, I had to release the Dharma image, but there was no Thinking about it, as soon as Uncle Qi showed up, he discovered that the man was actually a servant of Senior Brother Jiang Yuliu, and when the man saw Uncle Qi calling out his identity, he committed suicide directly. I'm afraid this matter is not that simple. .”

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, Lin Cang's expression couldn't help but change, and then he said in a deep voice: "Are you sure that person is a servant of Senior Brother Jiang Yuliu? If he is really a servant of Senior Brother Jiang Yuliu, then this matter is a bit complicated. Trouble." Lin Cang's words also made other people's expressions change.

Zhao Hai looked at Lin Cang with some confusion and said: "Senior Brother Lin, why do you say that person is from Senior Brother Jiang, then we will be in trouble? Have we offended Senior Brother Jiang?" Zhao Hai was really confused. , that's why he asked this question, he really didn't know how he offended that senior brother Jiang Yuliu.

Lin Cang smiled bitterly, and then said in a deep voice: "Senior brother Jiang Yuliu is the true disciple of the ancestor, and the reason why I said that that person is from senior brother Jiang and we will be in trouble is because Zhang Yiwu is the person recommended by senior brother Jiang. , he was able to become the commander of the gambling battle in Xuantie Mine because he was recommended by Senior Brother Jiang, now you understand."

When Zhao Hai heard what Lin Cang said, his expression couldn't help but change. He really didn't expect that there would be such a relationship in this matter. Zhang Yiwu was the person recommended by Jiang Yuliu, but he died in their hands. Here, and this time this servant is Jiang Yuliu's person, and now he also died here. Although it was suicide, there is probably an inseparable relationship between the two things, right?

Thinking of this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a long breath and said: "I see, but now I really want to know how Senior Brother Jiang should explain this matter. What if his servant was taken away by Uncle Qi and asked? Well, the matter was simple, but the servant committed suicide on the spot, so this matter is not simple. Don't forget, this is the Xuanfu lineage, and the ancestor is the one who decides the fate of all of us. , Senior Brother Jiang secretly sent someone to deceive me. It was already wrong. After the incident, he didn't even bother to explain it to the Patriarch. Instead, the servant committed suicide. This was not just against us, but also against the Patriarch. So I think it's not us who should be more nervous now, but Senior Brother Jiang." Having said this, Zhao Hai couldn't help but reveal a smile on his face.