c7952 attack

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they felt it made sense, so they didn't say anything. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "There are more than a thousand ghosts, and we must clean them all. First, we must use the Zhengyang Talisman. We use blessings on ourselves, and then concentrate a batch of explosive talismans to blow up the city wall first, and then we rush in and attack the enemy. Remember, everyone, work in groups of three and do not act alone. Those who did last night When the ghosts were attacking, I also saw that they didn't seem to have any long-range attack capabilities, so we didn't have to worry too much, but the ghost didn't attack yesterday, so we had to be careful to prevent the ghost from attacking remotely. Attack ability, so be careful. .”

Everyone responded, and Zhao Hai then said: "It's almost time, get ready to take action." Everyone responded, and then stood up. Zhao Hai also stood up, leading everyone outside, and they As soon as they came out of the tent, they saw Bao Yiqing and the general from Qingsong Kingdom standing there. As soon as they saw Zhao Hai and the others coming out, Bao Yiqing and the general immediately saluted Zhao Hai. He even stepped forward and said, "Brothers, are you going to attack those ghosts now?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said solemnly: "Exactly, it is already noon now, it is the best time to attack those ghosts. We must start attacking those ghosts at this time." Regarding Bao Yiqing, Zhao Hai's impression was still good, so he directly told Bao Yiqing and the others about their actions.

Bao Yiqing nodded and said: "Okay, then I'm here to send you a farewell. I wish you a great victory and wipe out all those ghosts." After that, he gave a big salute to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai returned the salute and then took the gift. Following the crowd outside the camp, Bao Yiqing and the generals sent them to the camp before returning to the camp.

Zhao Hai and the others flew straight away when they arrived at the camp. They flew all the way forward and arrived at the Fallen Leaf Valley in the blink of an eye. The reason why this Fallen Leaf Valley is called Fallen Leaf Valley is because of the story about the general. Legend has it that another reason is because of the shape of the valley.

The shape of this valley is like a leaf, even with petioles, and those ghosts built a city wall in the narrowest part of the valley, controlling the entire huge fallen leaf valley in their own hands. Bao Yiqing's camp was blocked at the exit of the valley, so the ghosts couldn't get out.

Zhao Hai has now arrived outside the ghost city. The ghost city seems to be shrouded in black smoke, and the sunlight cannot reach the valley. This makes the city wall look ghostly. Zhao Hai looked around and then said: " Okay, we’re already here, let’s proceed as planned.”

Everyone agreed, and then immediately called people they knew well to group them into groups. Xu Shi and Xu Yuan were grouped with Zhao Hai, and the others were also grouped freely. Then Zhao Hai moved his hand, and he had more He took out a piece of talisman paper and put it directly on his body. The talisman paper flashed with light, and the next moment, Zhao Hai's body seemed to start to emit bursts of white light.

The others did the same. They all put a talisman on their bodies. This talisman was the Zhengyang Talisman. Then they immediately took out a handful of explosive talismans and hit the city wall directly. But what surprised them was that just when their talismans were hitting the city wall, countless black arrows were shot out from the black smoke on the city wall, and those arrows directly hit the talismans. .

Then a loud bang was heard, and the explosive symbols were detonated in advance. This change was really beyond everyone's expectation. Everyone looked at the piece in front of them blankly, because the explosive symbols It was detonated and the big hole was created. For a moment, I didn't know what to do.

When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then he couldn't help laughing and said: "Okay, interesting, I just said that they might not have long-range attack capabilities, but they gave me a long-range attack ability, haha Haha, interesting. It seems that it is really difficult to attack by force. Please wait for me." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved and flew straight to the mountain next to him.

Everyone didn't know what Zhao Hai was going to do, but they didn't follow him. They all looked at the city wall. Not long after Zhao Hai arrived on the mountain, he flew back again, but at this time, he was holding a huge stone ball in his hand. The diameter of this stone ball was about five meters.

As soon as they saw Zhao Hai holding the stone ball, their expressions also changed. Then they immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant, and they couldn't help laughing. Zhao Hai held the stone ball and came to the front of the city wall. Then he took out a Zhengyang Talisman and attached it directly to the stone ball. Then he lifted the stone ball up with both hands, and then shouted: "Go!"

Following Zhao Hai's loud shout, the stone ball flew straight towards the city wall like a cannonball, and when it landed on the city wall, a loud bang was heard, and the stone ball hit the city wall. , a section of the city wall was directly smashed by the stone ball, and then the stone ball rolled directly into the valley.

Zhao Hai then shouted: "Charge." After speaking, he took the lead and flew towards the valley. The others quickly followed. This time when they rushed into the valley, no arrows were shot at them. Zhao Hai immediately ordered: "Senior Brother Lin, lead two teams to clean up the city wall."

Lin Cang responded and led the two teams to clean the city wall. At this time, Zhao Hai and the others also rushed into the valley. However, as soon as they entered the valley, they saw countless ghosts, heading straight towards them. They rushed over, and the number was definitely more than ten thousand. When they saw such a large number of ghosts, everyone's expressions couldn't help but change.

Zhao Hai snorted coldly, then jumped into the air and shouted: "Aurora Fist!" Following his voice, bursts of white light suddenly appeared on his body. This white light was very... It was so dazzling that it was hard to open one's eyes. Everyone couldn't help but close their eyes. When they opened their eyes, they found that all the ghosts rushing towards them had disappeared.

At this time, Zhao Hai shouted loudly: "Those ghosts just now are just hallucinations, everyone, take action."

Only then did everyone react, and they immediately took out their magic weapons, and then a piece of talisman paper was directly attached to those magic weapons, and then they rushed straight into the valley, but they were still in groups of three. , and soon they discovered those ghosts and immediately started fighting with those ghosts.

Those ghosts were all holding weapons and were heading straight towards Zhao Hai and the others. Many of the ghosts were holding long bows and shooting black arrows. Before those arrows hit anyone, they had already It was crushed by the magical weapons in the hands of those people. Because they were in a group of three, one person was responsible for defense and the other two were responsible for attacking, so such an attack was very fast. One person neutralized all the enemy's attacks, while the other two Human attacks can directly destroy the enemy.

Zhao Hai also led Xu Shi and Xu Yuan to rush forward. For ordinary ghosts, Zhao Hai did not even look at them. He just flew forward and rushed them to the depths of the valley. Only then did they realize that in the Deep in the valley, there is a cave. The entrance of this cave is more than five meters high and four meters wide, and bursts of black smoke are coming out of the cave.

Zhao Hai glanced at the black smoke, his face couldn't help but change, and then he said loudly: "No, this must be the residence of the ghost king. It seems that he wants to break through. Quick, attack in, we must not let him break through, otherwise If it does, we will only be in more trouble." Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Xu Shi and Xu Yuan's expressions changed slightly, and then they loudly said: "Yes." After saying that, the three of them rushed towards the entrance of the cave.

But as soon as they arrived at the entrance of the cave, they felt a force there, which bounced them back. Zhao Hai's face couldn't help but change. Then he clenched his right hand into a fist and punched forward. Note that he heard There was a loud bang, and the whole valley shook a few times. Then Zhao Hai felt that there seemed to be something in front of him, which was broken by his punch. Zhao Hai immediately led the two people to rush forward. Go in.

As soon as Zhao Hai and the others entered the cave, they couldn't help but be stunned. They saw that there was a mansion built in the cave. The building area of ​​the mansion was very huge. There were hundreds of houses alone. In front of the mansion, there is a plaque with the words "General's Mansion" written on it.

And now, streams of black smoke were coming out of a room in the general's mansion. Zhao Hai led Xu Shi and the two of them and rushed straight to the place where the black smoke was coming out. Before they could get to that room, , saw the black smoke disappearing there, and then a roar came: "Bold, who dares to break into my house."

Following this voice, a black figure rushed out from the general's mansion. This man was wearing a suit of armor. The armor was very beautiful. He had a tiger helmet and a tiger head armor. He had a tiger head hammer in his hand. The whole body of the tiger-headed hammer is black, the handle is about one foot long, and the head of the hammer is a huge tiger head. You can tell that it is very heavy at first glance.

Zhao Hai could tell at a glance that the tiger-headed hammer was not the weapon that the ghost general had transformed into, but a real weapon, a magic weapon, and a good magic weapon. Zhao Hai couldn't help but sigh. Hi, he immediately said loudly: "What the Ghost King is holding should be a magic weapon. It just so happens that I don't have a suitable magic weapon yet, so I want this magic weapon."

When Xu Shi and Xu Yuan heard what Zhao Hai said, they couldn't help but be startled. Then Xu Shi couldn't help laughing and said: "Okay, this magic weapon will be given to the alliance leader. I don't think others will have any objections." Xu Yuan also responded, and Zhao Hai couldn't help laughing. Then he moved and rushed towards the ghost king, but faster than him were the magic weapons in the hands of Xu Shi and Xu Yuan.

Xu Shi and Xu Yuan each had a long sword in their hands, and the long sword went straight towards the ghost king. The tiger-headed sledgehammer in the ghost king's hand swung left and right, hitting the two flying swords. Xu Shi and Xu With a wave of Yuan's finger, the flying sword was like a flexible fish. It directly let go of the attack of the sledgehammer, turned in a circle, and attacked the ghost king at once. At this time, Zhao Hai had also killed him. In front of the ghost king.