c7950 Fallen Leaf Valley

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said in a deep voice: "If you believe me, then I will tell you the mission number directly, and then we will go to pick up the mission. After picking up the mission, we still need to prepare some things, what? Like? Do you trust me?" Zhao Hai looked at everyone. If these people really trust him, then he can still use these people in the future. If these people don't believe in him, then he will not care about these people in the future. Dead or alive.

Huang Xiang said: "Leader, if everyone says they believe you, they will definitely believe you, so just say so." Huang Xiang believed in Zhao Hai very much, although when he was in the mine, he only talked to Zhao Hai They fought side by side once, but through the communicator, he knew Zhao Hai's command ability. He knew very well that they were able to come back alive from the mine all thanks to Zhao Hai. It is precisely because of this that Huang Xiang is now He has great trust in Zhao Hai.

Someone spoke, and the others naturally didn't say anything. They all nodded. Zhao Hai also nodded, and then said: "Okay, everyone just believes in me. Then let's take on the mission. Remember Now, it’s mission number 57. Senior Brother Huang, you go and take this mission. Just tell them it’s a group mission. Mission number 79, Brother Lin, you go and pick it up. Mission No. 261, Xu Senior brother, you go and pick up mission number 370. Senior brother Xu, you go and pick up mission number 581 and senior brother Yun, you go and pick up mission number 703 and mission 941, Yan Senior brother, you go pick it up. The last one is mission number one thousand and seven. I'll go pick it up. Do you have any opinions?"

Everyone shook their heads, and then said: "Okay, that's it, let's go, everyone will take over, take over all seven tasks, and then we will take action." Everyone agreed, and then went immediately They went to take the mission. When they arrived at the mission hall, they immediately divided into seven groups to pick up the mission. Now many people are still choosing missions and will not have unified actions like them, so the process of taking the mission went very smoothly. .

In fact, when it was time to take the tasks, Huang Xiang and the others discovered that the tasks they took were all group tasks, that is, tasks that required several people to complete. Because of this, the people they took on these tasks were not There are many, and what they have to deal with is indeed all ghosts, and not just a single ghost, but groups of ghosts.

After everyone accepted the mission, everyone gathered outside the mission hall again. Zhao Hai glanced at everyone, and then said: "This time, the missions we received are all about dealing with ghosts, so we need a lot of Zhengyang Talismans. , Zhengyang Talisman is a kind of talisman commonly used to deal with ghosts. However, it can only be blessed on our magic weapons or on our bodies. It cannot be used directly to deal with ghosts, so it is not expensive. Let’s go now. Buy it from Fangshi, then leave Fangshi and go directly to the task. The first thing to do is task 261. This task needs to be completed in ten days. The task location is the Fallen Leaf Valley of Qingsong Country. , let’s go and buy the Zhengyang Talisman first.”

Everyone agreed, and then followed Zhao Hai to the teleportation array. Then they went directly to the teleportation array and casually went to a market. When they arrived at the market, they directly visited a shop to buy talisman paper. , in shops like this, there are usually Zhengyang Talisman. Zhengyang Talisman is a very popular talisman paper. It has a large amount and is not expensive. Zhao Hai and the others bought dozens of them each. Then he got on the teleportation array at Fangshi and left Fangshi directly.

Their actions naturally attracted the attention of Uncle Qi. After asking what mission they had taken and what they were doing, Uncle Qi immediately went to report to Zeng Yang. After listening to Uncle Qi's report, Zeng Yang In his mind, he went through all the tasks that Zhao Hai and the others took on this time, but then he suddenly opened his eyes, his eyes flashed, and he said in a deep voice: "What a plan."

Uncle Qi looked at Zeng Yang with some confusion. Zeng Yang looked at Uncle Qi and couldn't help but sighed softly and said: "I mean, Zhao Ying is such a calculating boy. The seven tasks he took on this time, The completion time of the tasks is pushed back one by one. The completion time of the last task is exactly one month later. The stages of these tasks are not very far away, and they all have very clear coordinates because they require group action. , so the rewards given are very high, which is really rare. Moreover, the seven tasks he took on all have one characteristic. There is a city near the locations of these seven tasks. That is to say , they can use the portable teleportation array to go directly to Fangshi, and then use the teleportation array in Yongfangshi to return directly to the sect. In this way, whether they are handing in tasks, making supplements, or asking for reinforcements, It can be completed in the first time, it’s amazing, the calculation can be so precise, this kid is indeed a character.”

When Uncle Qi heard what Zeng Yang said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he said in a deep voice: "Master, can't this be a coincidence? I heard that they entered the mission hall and just looked at the crystal plates in the mission hall. After completing the task, he went out and then came in to take over the task. It didn’t take long in total. Did you think too highly of him?”

Zeng Yang shook his head and said: "This can't be a coincidence, it's absolutely impossible. Forget it, you may not believe it when I say it now. Let's wait. I bet that they will definitely do it this time. After all is completed, everyone can get at least one hundred sect contribution points. One hundred sect contribution points may not be anything to us, but for people of their strength, the number is already quite a lot. ”

Uncle Qi often comes into contact with those outer sect disciples. He knows very well how difficult it is for those outer sect disciples to get the sect's contribution points. The average outer sect disciple can only get ten sect contribution points a month. It's very good, and one sect's contribution point is enough to exchange for a bottle of elixir for practice. One hundred sect's contribution points can even let them buy a good magic weapon. This is for foreigners. For a disciple, it is definitely a considerable amount of income.

Zeng Yang murmured: "After so many years, to be honest, I have never met such a person. This kid is interesting, so interesting. Xiaoqi, you must always pay attention to his movements. This kid has potential. I I don’t want him to die outside, but as long as his strength improves, I can accept him as a disciple.”

Uncle Qi responded, Zeng Yang waved his hand, and Uncle Qi walked outside. He had to make arrangements to ensure the safety of Zhao Hai. Uncle Qi knew very well that the sect was not always Peacefully, there were not a few geniuses who died in the sect, so he had to make arrangements to ensure Zhao Hai's safety.

At this time, Zhao Hai and the others had already appeared in the Fallen Leaf Valley. They flew directly to the Fallen Leaf Valley from the sky. The Fallen Leaf Valley was very huge. Outside the Fallen Leaf Valley, there was a mortal army guarding the valley. Zhao Hai Hai and the others fell directly from the sky to the outside of the military camp.

As soon as they landed on the ground, someone flew out from the military camp. This person landed directly in front of Zhao Hai and the others. He took a look at the clothes on Zhao Hai and the others, and then immediately raised his fists towards Zhao Hai and the others. : "Bao Yiqing, a disciple of Qingsong Kingdom's Lower Court, has met all the senior brothers."

This person looks to be about thirty years old. He is wearing the clothes of a Qingyang Sect disciple, but he is very fat. Now he is looking at Zhao Hai and the others with a smile on his face. It seems that the eyes on his face are no longer visible. The green clothes on his body didn't feel chic at all, just like a fat caterpillar.

Zhao Hai clasped his fists at Bao Yiqing and said, "Don't dare, don't dare. Senior Brother Bao is too polite. Senior Brother Bao is stationed here? We just want to inquire about the situation in the valley." Zhao Hai was not too polite to Bao Yiqing. But he didn't show any arrogance. He knew very well that if he offended Bao Yiqing, Bao Yiqing might have some information that he would not tell them. In that case, they would only be more unlucky.

When Bao Yiqing heard what Zhao Hai said, he felt flattered. You must know that they, the disciples of the Lower Court, are naturally lower than those of the Upper Court, so they are usually very polite to the disciples of the Upper Court. They usually This is also the case, and when the disciples of the Upper Court see them, they usually have a superior character, which makes people angry just looking at them. Bao Yiqing has seen not one or two disciples of the Upper Court, but Xiang Zhao Hai He was the first to see such a polite person.

So when he heard what Zhao Hai said, he was really stunned for a moment, and then he immediately said: "I don't dare, I don't dare, you are all senior brothers in the upper courtyard, come on, please come in, I will tell you something Talk about things in the valley." Although Zhao Hai was very polite, Bao Yiqing didn't dare to take advantage of it. He knew very well that if he offended these people in the upper court, he would be in trouble in the future. , he doesn’t want that.

Zhao Hai hurriedly said a few polite words, and then led the crowd directly, followed by Bao Yiqing, and entered the military camp. When they arrived at the military camp, several people wearing armor and general uniforms came to greet them. When they saw Zhao Hai and the others, they immediately saluted Zhao Hai and the others and said, "I have met all of you, the Immortals."

Before Zhao Hai could speak, Bao Yiqing said: "General Wu, you go down first. These brothers are here to solve the problems in the valley. Maybe we can leave here soon." That General Wu immediately said They responded, and then led the crowd to retreat. They also knew that they, monks like Zhao Hai and the others were not from the same world, so naturally they would not bother Zhao Hai and the others.

Bao Yiqing led Zhao Hai and the others to a large tent in the camp. This tent was very large and luxurious. It was covered with carpets and had all kinds of daily necessities, both gold and silver. It looked extremely luxurious. In the big tent, there are several soft couches, which are very comfortable at first glance. In front of each soft couch, there is a small case, with silver wine bottles and silver wine glasses placed on the case. , and some seasonal fruits. The whole tent doesn't look like a tent at all, but like a small palace. It seems that these Qingyang Sect's disciples in the lower courtyard can enjoy more things in various countries than they do. It needs to be much stronger.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.