c7954 help

"Chapter error, click here to report"

Uncle Qi walked to the third floor of Xuanfu Building, where Zeng Yang was still reading. Uncle Qi saluted Zeng Yang, and then said: "Master, Zhao Ying and the others have disappeared. Just now Zhao Ying and his group One of them came back to hand in a task. I really didn’t expect that they would complete a task so quickly.”

Zeng Yang put down the book in his hand, then took a long breath and said in a deep voice: "It's faster than I thought. It seems that this Zhao Ying really has some abilities. Let's take a look and see. This time Zhao Haiying showed how long it took them to complete the task, and then we will know how they did it."

Uncle Qi said in a deep voice: "Master, I really think that your previous guess was correct. Zhao Hai and the others completed the mission together. Otherwise, it would have been impossible to complete the mission so quickly." Zeng Yang said before However, Zhao Hai and the others have a purpose in accepting missions. They will pick up the mission directly near Fangshi, and then through the teleportation array in Fangshi, they can quickly rush to the mission location, whether they are doing a mission or going to Handing in tasks will be very fast.

Zeng Yang smiled slightly and said: "Isn't this better? If they can complete all the tasks they took on within half a month, then tell the disciples below that Zhao Ying and the others, I’m going to organize them into a small team and ask them not to use their own strength to break them up, otherwise, don’t blame me for being rude.”

Uncle Qi was stunned. Zeng Yang had not given such an order for many years. He immediately responded. He knew very well that Zeng Yang had given such an order, which meant that Zeng Yang had nothing to do with Zhao Hai and the others. He is indeed very interested, which is very rare. You must know that the people Zeng Yang was interested in before are either dead or have become his official disciples. It can be seen that Zeng Yang is indeed very optimistic about Zhao Hai.

And Zhao Hai and the others still don’t know about this matter. The tasks they took on this time were all about facing those ghosts, and their tasks were completed very smoothly. Except for the ghosts in Fallen Leaf Valley, other ghosts , it is true that they have not built a city, and the ghosts who have not built a city naturally have nothing to be afraid of. Zhao Hai and the others are not small in number. In addition, every action is done in groups of three, which also ensures that Everyone is safe, so their tasks are completed very smoothly. They usually complete one task every two days.

Every time a task is completed, Zhao Hai will send the person who received the task back to the sect to clear the task and receive the reward. When the last task is completed, they only need fourteen days to wait until Zhao Hai They returned to the sect and after eliminating the last task, they all averaged the contribution points they received. Finally, they found that each of them had received more than 120 contribution points. In addition to these contribution points, There were actually a lot of herbs and magic weapons. Those that were suitable for everyone to use were all kept. Those that were not suitable for everyone to use were all disposed of and replaced with contribution points. In the end, the number of contribution points for each person actually exceeded Two hundred, which is really surprising.

Of course, everyone was also very excited. After they returned to the courtyard where the outer disciples lived, they gathered in Zhao Hai's room. Now they were used to listening to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai followed them all the way. None of them made a mistake, which made them all very happy and willing to listen to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said in a deep voice: "Now everyone has two hundred contribution points in their hands. This is not a small number among the outer disciples. It can even be said to be a lot. However, the strength of all of us is really It's not very strong, so what I mean is, everyone contributes 100 points, and we have to purchase some elixirs. In the next period of time, we have to practice hard for a period of time. For half a month, we If we practice fully with elixirs, the elixirs with one hundred contribution points will be almost completely consumed in half a month. However, at that time, there will be a lot of elixirs in our bodies and there is no way to fully digest them. When the time comes, we can pick up the mission and digest the elixir at once, what do you think?"

Everyone nodded, and Huang Xiang said in a deep voice: "What the leader said makes sense, but if we take out all the contribution points and purchase elixirs in one go, will it attract the attention of others? If it really is In that case, I'm afraid it will be troublesome." This is exactly what Huang Xiang said.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "No defense, let's just purchase it directly here at Qingfeng Mountain. Maybe it will be cheaper to purchase such a large quantity. We can get more benefits. When the elixir is purchased, we can pick it up." I won’t care about what everyone wants to do in the next half month. After half a month, it will depend on the situation.”

Everyone responded, and then everyone gave their contribution points directly to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai suddenly had thousands more contribution points in his hand. Here in Qingyang Sect, there is a special rule, that is, if the master contributes points to the disciples, it is absolutely not allowed, because for the sect, the stronger the person, the greater the chance of earning contribution points. If the master is asked to give contribution points to the disciple, then the disciple's contribution points will be too many, so the master is not allowed to give the contribution points to the disciple.

But if they are disciples of the same generation, there is no problem in giving contribution points to each other. This will make it more convenient for the disciples to conduct transactions, so other people can give their contribution points to Zhao Hai and Zhao Hai will handle them uniformly. From this point of view, It can be seen how much they trust Zhao Hai.

After Zhao Hai collected everyone's contribution points, he asked everyone to go back. Then he left the courtyard where the outer disciples lived and prepared to go outside to buy some elixirs. As soon as he walked to the door of the courtyard, he saw a man facing him. Walking over, when he saw this person, Zhao Hai immediately saluted him and said, "I've met Uncle Qi." The person who came was none other than Uncle Qi. Zhao Hai now knew the identity of Uncle Qi, so naturally he wanted to pay homage to him. Uncle Seven saluted.

Uncle Qi looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Are you Zhao Ying? What are you going to do?" Of course Uncle Qi didn't appear here for no reason. He just wanted to investigate and see. It depends on what Zhao Hai will do next. If Zhao Hai still wants to do the task, then he will naturally not say anything else. If Zhao Hai does not want to do the task, then he may be able to help. .

Zhao Hai naturally concealed Uncle Qi's intention, and he immediately said in a deep voice: "Replying to Uncle Qi, we have done some tasks before and got some contribution points. We feel that our group's strength is too weak, so we thought Buy some elixirs and come back, calm down and have a good rest, so I am going to buy the elixirs now."

When Uncle Qi heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Yes, you know your own shortcomings and are not greedy for contribution points. This is a good thing. Let's do this. Give me your contribution points. Whatever pills you want to buy, Tell me and I'll buy it for you, maybe it'll be cheaper."

Zhao Hai quickly thanked him, and then transferred 3,600 contribution points to Uncle Qi. At the same time, he also took out a list of half of the items and gave it to Uncle Qi. In Qingyang Sect, disciples can transfer their contribution points to the master. It can also be said that in Qingyang Sect, people with low cultivation level can transfer their contribution points to people with high cultivation level, so Zhao Hai It is okay to transfer the contribution points to Uncle Qi.

Uncle Qi nodded, and then said to Zhao Hai: "Okay, I will send the elixir to you tomorrow, go back." Zhao Hai quickly saluted to Uncle Qi and said: "Thank you Uncle Qi for taking the trouble. ." Uncle Qi smiled slightly, then walked into the yard and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

Zhao Hai waited until Uncle Qi left, then returned to the courtyard, and directly returned to the courtyard where the outer disciples were. When they arrived in the courtyard, Lin Cang and the others immediately discovered Zhao Hai. Everyone was surprised, wondering why Zhao Hai After coming back, Zhao Hai called everyone to his room, and then said to everyone: "I just met Uncle Qi at the door. Uncle Qi asked me what I was going to do, so I answered the question. After Uncle Qi found out, he He said he wanted to help me buy the elixir, and I have already given my contribution points to Uncle Qi."

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they were stunned at first, and then looked at each other, and then Zhao Qun said: "Alliance leader, what does Qi Shu mean? I have never heard that Qi Shu will help people buy elixirs. ? Do you think it’s Uncle Qi who takes a fancy to our contribution?”

Before Zhao Hai could speak, he heard Huang Xiang say in a deep voice: "No, absolutely not. Who is Uncle Qi? He is an old man who has been with the master all his life. His current strength has reached the level of Xingxing." Level, how could he take a fancy to our little contribution, but Uncle Qi has never bought elixirs for anyone before. His actions this time are indeed a bit weird. I can't figure out what he is doing. What means."

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "I think Uncle Qi may want to help us. Just like what Senior Brother Huang said, Uncle Qi is unlikely to take a fancy to our little contribution. That little contribution will not matter to Uncle Qi." For me, it’s really not enough. If he wants to contribute something, he can get more at any time. There is no need to get it from us, so there is no need at all.”

Everyone nodded, but Lin Cang still frowned and said: "But this matter is still a bit weird. Uncle Qi probably won't help us. If everyone in him is busy, then so many outer disciples, He can’t help them just by helping them, so what he did this time is indeed a bit strange.”

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Ignore it for now. No matter how you say it, Uncle Qi is also an elder. We have just joined Qingyang Sect. Elders like Uncle Qi will help us. If we still refuse, then We are really making ourselves uncomfortable, so no matter what Uncle Qi thinks, we have to do it."

Everyone was stunned, and then nodded. They also felt that what Zhao Hai said was very reasonable. Uncle Qi's status in the Xuanfu lineage was very high. It could be said that he was second only to Zeng Yang, even Zeng Yang. The status of several disciples in the Xuanfu lineage is not as high as that of Uncle Qi, so Uncle Qi said that he wanted to help them, so they had a reason to refuse, so they had no other choice but to agree. What Zhao Hai did was Right, there's nothing they can do now but wait.

When thinking of this, everyone felt a little heavy. This feeling of leaving one's fate in the hands of others is really not a good feeling.

"Add bookmarks for easy reading"