c7960 stewardship

Zeng Yang looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Zhao Ying, I accepted you as a disciple, so you must remember this matter. This is a great shame and humiliation for me. Although for some reasons, I can't go now. Kill them, but there is another way of revenge, and that is by you, so I want you to remember that when you are strong enough, you must help me kill all those traitors, one by one. If you can’t stay, can you do it?”

Zhao Hai immediately understood what Zeng Yang meant. Zeng Yang really wanted to kill those traitors, but there must be some reason why he couldn't do it. He was the one who could really do it, so Zeng Yang would After accepting him as his disciple, Zhao Hai immediately knelt down to Zeng Yang and said, "Yes, Master. Please rest assured, Master. This disciple will definitely kill those traitors and clean up the family for you, Master."

Zeng Yang nodded, and then with a wave of his hand, a jade slip fell into Zhao Hai's hand, and then he said: "I am the body cultivation method I practiced. Take it and see if there is anything wrong with it." If you know anything about it, just ask me directly, Xiao Qi, hand over all the industries managed by the five people before to Zhao Ying and let Zhao Ying manage them."

Zhao Hai took the jade slip, and then heard Uncle Qi's reply. Then he followed Uncle Qi and exited the small building. When the two of them arrived outside the small building, Uncle Qi said to Zhao Hai: "Young Master , these are all the industries you want to manage, I will send people to find all the managers of these industries and let them tell you about the current situation of those industries." As he said this, Uncle Qi took out a jade slip , gave the jade slip to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai took the jade slip, looked inside with his mental strength, and saw the contents of the jade slip. The jade slip contained some introductions about those industries, as well as the current situation of those industries, and what they have to do every year. No matter how much I handed in, everything was written down in great detail.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw this list, he immediately understood what was going on. The industries clearly stated how much they could produce each year and how much they handed over. It was obvious that those industries He had been completely ruined by the five previous disciples.

Zhao Hai became even more curious. He really didn't expect that those five disciples would dare to do this. They were too brave, right? It's really surprising that he dared to be greedy for so little and turned those properties into what they were. Now he almost knows why those disciples ran away. If they didn't run away, just rely on What they did was probably going to kill them even Zeng Yang.

Uncle Qi also wrote to other people at this time. Then he glanced at Zhao Hai and then said in a deep voice: "The managers of these industries will come to report to you soon. In the future, if anything happens to these industries, they will tell you Say, you remember, in these industries, in addition to the share you turn over every year, you are allowed to produce 50% more. These 50% achievements are all yours to distribute. How to distribute them is up to you. No. Problem?"

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Okay, I understand, thank you Uncle Qi." Uncle Qi nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I will arrange a few servants for you in a moment. According to the sect's regulations, You can have five servants, young master, do you want to choose them yourself, or will the old slave arrange them directly?"

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Uncle Qi, just arrange it for me." Uncle Qi nodded, and then followed Zhao Hai back to his yard. After the two of them arrived in the yard, Uncle Qi said goodbye and left. After a while, he led five people to Zhao Hai's yard. These five people all looked like they were only sixteen or seventeen years old. They were wearing servant clothes and stood there with their bodies bowed.

Uncle Qi saluted Zhao Hai, and then said: "Young Master, these are your servants. Are you satisfied, Young Master?" Those people dressed as servants all stood there honestly. , with a nervous look on their faces, their strength is very ordinary, not even the third level, just some ordinary servants.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, that's them, thank you Uncle Qi." Uncle Qi smiled slightly and stepped aside. Zhao Hai understood what Uncle Qi meant. Uncle Qi was asking him to lecture these servants. He looked at the servants, smiled slightly and said: "You all have names, please state your names."

The servants looked at each other, but none of them spoke. But Uncle Qi said at this time: "Young Master, they don't have names now. Young Master should take their names." After hearing this, Qi Shu said When his uncle said this, Zhao Di was stunned. He really didn't expect that these servants didn't even have names. This was really miserable.

In fact, Zhao Hai doesn't know that these servants have surnames but no names, because they all come from the servant families of Qingyang Sect. These servant families have provided Qingyang Sect with supplies for generations. Servants, all the true disciples and above of Qingyang Sect, their servants are almost all provided by these families. These families only have surnames, but no names, even the family heads are the same.

On the contrary, ordinary servant disciples like Wu Yang and others have their own names, because they cannot become the servants of those true disciples, so naturally there is no need to go on without names. Only those who can Servants who become true disciples or above do not have names, because their names are left to their masters.

Zhao Hai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "There are five of you, so let's name them according to the five elements. You will be called Xiaojin, you will be called Xiaomu, you will be called Xiaoshui, you will be called Xiaohuo, and you will be called Xiaotuhao Come on, please clean the room well and prepare some spiritual tea. Someone will be here soon, so go ahead." The five people responded and immediately went to prepare. Although they were not strong, their movements were It's not slow, everyone went to do their own things.

Zhao Hai asked Uncle Qi to sit down. Uncle Qi was not polite and sat down directly. At this time, there was a knock on the door. Xiao Jin, who was cleaning the yard, immediately ran to open the door and waited. He opened the door and took a look at the people standing outside. Only then did he realize that there were some people wearing the clothes of Qingyang Sect disciples standing outside, but from the look of them, they didn't seem to be formal disciples.

And there were many people coming, more than a dozen of them. Xiao Jin invited them into the yard, and then he was reporting to Zhao Hai when he heard Zhao Hai say: "Let them all come in." Xiao Jin responded, and then After leading everyone into the living room, Xiao Shui, who was cleaning the room, immediately gave Zhao Hai and Uncle Qi some spiritual tea.

They all received special servant training. They knew that these people who came must be stewards of some industries, so they did not serve tea to those stewards because those stewards did not have a high status in Qingyang Sect. , the identities of these servants are actually similar.

When the stewards entered the room, they immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said, "Greetings to the Lord." Then they turned to the Seventh Uncle and said, "Greetings to the Seventh Master." Obviously, they all knew the Seventh Uncle and were familiar with it. Uncle Qi respects him very much, and they now know Zhao Hai's identity. This should have been told to them when Uncle Qi notified them before.

Zhao Hai glanced at the stewards, and then said: "Sit down, Xiao Shui, and serve them tea." Zhao Hai's words made the stewards stunned for a moment, and then they all responded, and then carefully They sat down. You must know that when they were under other people's hands and came to report, they had never sat down, let alone had tea.

Xiao Shui was also stunned, but he still responded and went to prepare tea for them. After a while, he served everyone a cup of spiritual tea. Zhao Hai took a sip of tea, put down the tea cup, and then turned to Qi Qi. Uncle said: "Uncle Seven, I wonder what kind of management they had there before?"

When Uncle Qi heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned, and then he said: "To tell you back to the young master, before, various industries hired people to work, and every year in addition to the normal output, there were about About 20% of the industry is used to maintain the normal operation of various industries."

Uncle Qi knew what Zhao Hai wanted to know, so he answered directly. Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "I know what the situation is in your various industries now. You people in charge may also learn from it. There are a lot of benefits, but those are things you did before and have nothing to do with me. Now that you are under my control, you must abide by my rules. If anyone refuses to listen to me, don't blame me. You're welcome."

Those in charge quickly stood up, saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Please give me your Majesty, I will definitely obey you." They also knew that now their master had changed, what did the previous master ask them to do? What they did is all in the past. Now they must listen to Zhao Hai. If they don't listen, Zhao Hai might really kill them.

They are not Zeng Yang's disciples. They don't have that kind of strength, and they don't have so many things to use as their pledges, so even if they want to betray the Qingyang Sect, it's impossible. No one will accept them, so they They must listen to Zhao Hai. They must do whatever Zhao Hai tells them to do.

Zhao Hai looked at them and nodded: "Okay, remember my words, I know that all your industries now use slaves, and you will not give them spiritual stones, but this way No, our Qingyang Sect is a righteous sect. If such things spread, it will damage the reputation of our Qingyang Sect. Therefore, after you go back, you must immediately improve the living environment of those servants and let them eat You have to be well fed, warmly clothed, and have a good place to sleep. If someone doesn’t want to work with us anymore, you can let them leave and compensate them with some spiritual stones. I know you don’t have many spiritual stones in your hands, but this paragraph Time must pass, do you understand?"

Those in charge all responded. Although they were complaining, they did not dare to say it out loud because they all knew very well that what they had done before would make everyone’s butts dirty. If Zhao Hai really investigated Get up, none of them can run away, I'm afraid they will all be dealt with, so no matter what Zhao Hai says now, they must agree.