c7964 white crane

After finishing all these matters, Zhao Hai came to the clean room again. This time he wanted to carefully understand the skills Zeng Yang gave him. He really wanted to see what Zeng Yang had given him. He still doesn't know what kind of skill it is.

When he took out the skills that Zeng Yang gave him and penetrated the jade slip with his mental power, Zhao Hai felt his spirit was shaken because he discovered that what appeared in front of him was not words, but words. A flying white crane. This white crane sings loudly. It has a very graceful posture, but it also has a strange sense of power. When you look at it, you feel like you are going to ride on the wind. Such a feeling is really It's wonderful.

But the figure of the white crane only appeared for a moment, and then disappeared. However, Zhao Hai had completely imprinted the figure of the white crane in his mind, and he felt it all in an instant. , he seemed to have turned into a white crane, a white crane soaring in the nine heavens.

But what Zhao Hai didn't know was that just when his mind was completely immersed in the artistic conception of the white crane, a huge crane cry sounded in Xuanfu Cave, and then a huge white crane figure unexpectedly appeared. From Zhao Hai's room, he soared directly into the sky and kept flying in the sky, not landing on the ground for a long time.

Such a big movement naturally attracted the attention of everyone in Xuanfu Cave. The outer disciples and registered disciples all looked at the white crane curiously. They knew that the white crane was the Dharma Appearance, but they were just curious. This The registered disciples already know who created the white crane's appearance. Zhao Hai may have created the white crane, but the outer disciples don't know. However, what the registered disciples find strange is why Zhao Hai A white crane will appear. Isn't his appearance a giant ape? Why did it become a white crane?

At this time, Zeng Yang and Uncle Qi also stood in front of the window of Zeng Yang's small building. They also looked at the white crane in the sky and did not speak for a long time. Uncle Qi had followed Zeng Yang since he was a child. Of course, he knew the truth about Zeng Yang's Dharma. It's Bai He. Bai He is Zeng Yang's real skill, and his previous disciples have never learned this skill. This time, he taught it to Zhao Hai in anger, but he didn't expect that Zhao Hai Hai understood the White Crane Dharma so quickly.

When the white crane's appearance first appeared, it was not very clear, just like a phantom. Slowly, the white crane's appearance became more and more solid, and at best it looked like a real huge white crane. The same thing kept hovering in the sky, which surprised both Zeng Yang and Qi Shu.

After a while, Zeng Yang finally took a breath and said: "What a talent, what a talent. I didn't expect that he could comprehend the White Crane Dharma so quickly. Look at the White Crane Dharma, it's lifelike. This represents his strength." He has already improved, this kid’s talent is really surprising.”

Uncle Qi also nodded and said: "Yes, his talent is really great. I really didn't expect that he would be able to understand it so quickly. Master, what should we do now? He made such a big noise, everyone Everyone will know that he knows the White Crane Dharma, and he will also guess that you taught him, so what should we do now?"

Zeng Yang shook his head and said: "Let him go. Even if those people know that his dharma is taught by me, so what? Even if they know that my dharma is white crane, so what. This There are many people in the world who know the Dharma of others, but even if they know the Dharma of the other party, how many people can actually use the Dharma to restrain the other person? The so-called Dharma and Dharma restraint is just talk. If you don’t have enough strength, you don’t know. Whoever defeats the other, watch this kid, don't let anyone disturb him, unless you get out of seclusion yourself, otherwise, anyone who dares to disturb him will be stopped by me."

Uncle Qi responded, and Zeng Yang returned to his room. However, when he walked to his room, there was a strange and extremely strange look on his face, which was a little relieved. There is still some loss, but it is extremely complicated.

Zhao Hai doesn't know this. Now his mind is still on the White Crane Dharma Appearance. He is experiencing the various magical functions of the White Crane Dharma Appearance. The speed of the White Crane Dharma Appearance is his biggest advantage. It is extremely fast, but its strength and defense , but it is far behind. Zhao Hai also knows very well that Bai He's strength and defense cannot be improved. If Bai He's strength and defense are improved, Bai He's speed and dexterity will be sacrificed, so he can only give up this aspect. And the optimization.

If you can't strengthen the strength and defense, you can only add his speed and dexterity to make him faster and more dexterous. Only in this way will you have more advantages when facing the enemy. Zhao Hai is now approaching While working hard in this area, the magic formations behind the jade slip kept appearing in his mind, and were added to his magic images one by one.

When Zhao Hai finally woke up, he found that he had spent seventy-seven forty-nine days in retreat this time. While he was looking at the White Crane Dharma, he discovered that his White Crane Dharma had now progressed to the level of Zidisha. It was only one step away from the star level, which surprised Zhao Hai.

He felt that he was a little out of control, and his strength improved so much in one fell swoop. Fortunately, he came to his senses at this stage. If he meditates for a period of time, his White Crane Dharma will definitely improve further. , by that time, he would be even more unable to explain.

Zhao Hai took a breath and first took a look at his situation. He found that he had received several letters. He took a look at them. These letters were from Fang Keming, Hell Gate, Wu Yang, and Lao Liu. There was also a letter from Lin Cang, but Xiaojiu didn't give him a letter.

But he is not worried about anything. Xiaojiu and the others should still be training now. If they don't give him a letter, they won't give him a letter. Anyway, there is no need. On the other hand, if it is other people, if they don't give him a letter, they may Something is wrong. He first took a look at Old Liu Tou's letter. Old Liu Tou's letter was very simple. He was just happy that he could become a true disciple of Qingyang Sect. At the same time, he also talked about the current situation of Lanka. Lanka's current situation His progress is very obvious. He now has the strength of the Three Talents Realm, and has condensed his own Dharma Appearance, and his Dharma Appearance is a giant python.

Zhao Hai was very happy when he saw this. Lanka finally condensed the Dharma form. After he condensed the Dharma form, it will be more helpful to his practice. In the future, his practice speed will definitely be faster. In this way Zhao Hai felt relieved as soon as he arrived. He believed that it wouldn't take long for Lanka to surprise the entire Gongsun family.

Then he read Fang Keming's letter. Fang Keming also looked very excited in the letter. At the same time, he also told Zhao Hai that their intelligence system had been fully formed and was penetrating into the interior of Hell Gate. It went smoothly, but the speed was not very fast.

This letter was written a long time ago, and he did not reply to Fang Keming. Then he took out the letter Wu Yang gave him and took a look at it. Wu Yang became even more excited. At the same time, Wu Yang also told Zhao Hai that Zhao Hai Among Hai's five servants, Xiao Jin is one of their own, but Xiao Shui's family is the enemy of Zhao Hai. The old Wu family is relatively close, so Zhao Hai should be careful about Xiao Shui.

Then Zhao Hai read Lin Cang's letter again. Lin Cang said in the letter that they had wiped out all the forces left outside by Jiang Yuliu and others. They had also made great achievements this time, but they were part of a team. Cooperation, so no one became a new registered disciple, but he got a lot of rewards. At the same time, he also told Zhao Hai that recently, several registered disciples in the Xuanfu lineage had been punished and abolished by Zeng Yang. After cultivating, they drove out the Qingyang Sect, and all of them were dead.

Zhao Hai knew that Lin Cang and the others must also know that he was currently in seclusion. He was afraid that he would not know what was going on outside, so he told him this. Zhao Hai was actually very happy, which meant that Lin Cang and the others really cared about him. He was very loyal, which put him at ease.

Then Zhao Hai took out the letter Hell Gate gave him. He glanced at the letter Hell Gate gave him and was stunned, because the letter Hell Gate gave him didn't have much content, only a name, and this name, Zhao Hai had actually heard that he was a registered disciple of Zeng Yang.

Zhao Hai immediately understood that this registered disciple of Zeng Yang must be a member of the Hell Sect, but he was a little surprised. He did not expect that the power of the Hell Sect would be so powerful that it had already reached out to Zeng Yang's registered disciple. How could he not be surprised?

After destroying all the letters, Zhao Hai stood up and walked out of the quiet room. As soon as he walked out of the quiet room, he saw a man standing outside the quiet room. As soon as he saw him, he immediately He bowed to Zhao Hai and said: "Master." Zhao Hai couldn't help being stunned when the person he was guarding here turned out to be Xiao Shui. Then he smiled slightly, patted Xiao Shui's shoulder gently and said, "Xiao Shui, Why are you here?"

Xiao Shui immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Master, it was Uncle Qi who asked us to take turns guarding here. No one is allowed to disturb you, and he also left a message. Once you are out of seclusion, we will go there immediately." Meet the Cave Master." In the Qingyang Sect, people like Zeng Yang are called Cave Masters. Because the name Pulse Master is a bit strange, they can open their own caves and recruit disciples, so they are called Cave Masters. Although it is also It's a bit strange, but here in the world of cultivation, it's acceptable.

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "Okay, I understand. I'll go see Master first. If anything happens, I'll tell you when I come back." After saying that, Zhao Hai walked out and in a blink of an eye. He walked out of his yard in a flash, then walked straight to Zeng Yang's yard, directly entered Zeng Yang's yard, and arrived in front of Zeng Yang's small building.

As soon as he arrived in front of Zeng Yang's small building, he saw Uncle Qi standing there waiting for him. As soon as he saw him coming, Uncle Qi couldn't help but smile on his face, and then said to Zhao Hai: "Young Master , you are out of seclusion, come with me quickly, the master is waiting for you." Zhao Hai responded and followed Uncle Qi towards the small building. After a while, the two of them arrived at the third floor of the small building. At this time, Zeng Yang He was standing in front of the desk on the third floor, looking at Zhao Hai with a smile on his face.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.