c7961 plan

Zhao Hai glanced at the stewards and said in a deep voice: "As long as we can survive this period of time, I believe we will get better and better. In addition to telling you these things today, there is one more thing that must be done. You go ahead and do it. After you go back, you must write a report. This report must be detailed and include all the problems you are encountering now. At the same time, it also lists the income points of your various industries. Write it all down, do you understand?"

Everyone responded, Zhao Hai glanced at them, and then said in a deep voice: "I didn't care what your situation was before, but now that you are my subordinates, you must set my rules. If you really help me get things done, the benefits will be yours, but if you dare to mess around, it won't be difficult to kill you."

Those in charge all responded, and their expressions looked extremely ugly. They could all tell that Zhao Hai was definitely not just kidding. If they really dared to mess around, they really dared not to listen to Zhao Hai's words. , then their lives may not be saved.

Zhao Hai looked at their looks and then said in a deep voice: "Don't think that you can hide it from me. I can tell you that I may not go to those industries, but I will invite people to go to those industries from time to time. I'll check the situation with the industry, and if there's a problem there, I'll cause trouble for that person."

Everyone responded, and Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's all go back. I'll give you three days. After three days, I want to see the report. Remember, the report must be detailed. It must be Truthfully, if anyone dares to lie in the report, he will be the first to die."

Everyone agreed. Give them a damn, they don't dare to lie in the report. If Zhao Hai really finds out, then they will die. Although Zhao Hai took over those industries, Their income may be reduced, but it is still better than death, so they have to obey Zhao Hai's orders at this time.

Zhao Hai nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, everyone, go back and do your own things well." Those in charge all responded, then saluted Zhao Hai and Qi Shu, then turned and left. After Uncle Qi watched them leave, he said to Zhao Hai: "Young Master, they were all very greedy before. Now you just say that, can they change? And they were all Jiang Yuliu's people before. , do you trust them so much?”

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "It is better to use hard work than to use it. They have made mistakes before. I will let them go now. They should work hard. If they dare not work hard and dare to act randomly, then they will be killed." Anyway, they have made so many mistakes in the past, no one will have any objections if they are killed, right?"

When Uncle Qi heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be startled, and then he couldn't help but smile bitterly and said: "You are right, by the way, young master, your status is extraordinary now, you can cultivate a group of people outside the sect. The forces are here for you to use, you think the Ancient Sword Gang you were in before is good."

Zhao Hai was not surprised at all that Uncle Qi knew about the Ancient Sword Gang. It was not a secret, so when Uncle Qi said this, he nodded, but then his eyes lit up, and then He said to Uncle Qi: "Uncle Qi, does it mean that Jiang Yuliu and the others also have their own forces outside?"

Uncle Qi nodded and said: "Yes, they also have their own power outside the sect. What? What do you think?" Uncle Qi felt that Zhao Hai might really have something on his mind, otherwise he would not I wouldn't ask that, but if Zhao Hai really wants to take action against Jiang Yuliu's forces, he may not be strong enough.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Jiang Yuliu and the others have made Master lose such a big face this time. How can I let them go? Now I am not their opponent, so I will start with their power. I will I want to see if their power is really that strong. When I am strong enough in the future, I will slowly take back those guys."

Uncle Qi looked at Zhao Hai and said: "I'm afraid it won't be easy. Jiang Yuliu and his gang have been operating outside for many years. I heard that they are quite powerful. Just with your Ancient Sword Gang, it may not be as powerful as those of others." As a human opponent, it would not be good if you bring the Ancient Sword Gang into the mix."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Don't be anxious, take your time. Now those guys have just joined the Qianyuan Sect. They also know that they have offended the master badly this time, so they must not dare to join the Qianyuan Sect during this period of time." When the sect comes out, we can use this period of time to eradicate their influence outside, so that we can cut off all their fingers, and then slowly deal with them."

When Uncle Qi heard what Zhao Hai said, his eyes lit up, but after thinking about it, he still shook his head and said: "I'm afraid it won't be that easy. Their strength is stronger than your Ancient Sword Gang. If you take action yourself, If you do, I'm afraid they may be punished, but the master still hopes that you can practice with peace of mind, so it is better not to do this.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, and then said: "Uncle Qi, why don't we use so many resources? What do the master's outer disciples and registered disciples do? Let them take down all the external forces of those guys. It shouldn't be difficult to clear up the situation. We must let those guys from the Qianyuan Sect know our attitude, and this matter is originally their fault, so it is unlikely for them, because this matter is really He will break up with us, what do you think?"

Uncle Qi nodded with bright eyes and said: "Okay, I will report this matter to the master immediately. With your current status, you are not able to command those people, but for the master, it is just a word It just so happens that we can tell them to get rid of those guys' power and let them develop their own power there. I think they will be happy to do it." Uncle Qi felt that if those outer disciples or When registered disciples take action, they should also be given some benefits, so that they will be more willing to do those things.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "Uncle Qi, it's better not to let them occupy the territory of those forces. Although Jiang Yuliu and the others can't come out on their own now, they will not swallow this breath. If they are allowed to If they establish their power there, Jiang Yulin and the others may take revenge."

Uncle Qi thought for a while, nodded, then stood up and said to Zhao Hai: "Young Master, your suggestion is very good. I won't say more about other things. I just hope that you can practice well and practice as soon as possible." The old slave has become stronger and resigned." After saying that, he bowed to Zhao Hai, then turned and left, and Zhao Hai sent him outside the door.

After Uncle Qi left, Zhao Hai said to Xiao Shui: "Xiao Shui, take care of your home and clean it every day. If those in charge come to deliver a report in a few days, you should accept it first. I'm going to retreat for a while." Time." Xiao Shui responded, and Zhao Hai went to the quiet room, planning to retreat for a while.

At this time, Uncle Qi had already returned to Zeng Yang's small building, went to the third floor, and reported to Zeng Yang. Zeng Yang was sitting on the third floor reading, although he was disgusted by this incident. , but he is also a master after all. He knows very well that he cannot be immersed in one emotion all the time, otherwise, he may have problems, so he is now trying to calm down his anger.

As soon as he saw Uncle Qi coming back, Zeng Yang put down the book, looked at Uncle Qi and said, "Xiao Qi, what is Zhao Ying doing?" He was still a little worried about this disciple who was accepted in anger. He really wants to know what Zhao Hai is doing now, because he wants to know what kind of person Zhao Hai is.

Uncle Qi immediately told Zeng Yang what Zhao Hai had done before and his final proposal. After hearing Uncle Qi’s words, Zeng Yang’s eyes lit up and he said in a deep voice: “Not bad, very good. I really didn’t expect that this kid is quite smart, but you have to keep an eye on him and let him focus all his energy on training. Don’t miss out on training because of this incident.”

Uncle Qi responded, and Zeng Yang continued: "Xiao Qi, you have had several contacts with Zhao Ying. Tell me what you think of this person." This is what Zeng Yang is most concerned about. Several of his disciples ended up like this, which made him pay more attention to the conduct of his disciples.

Uncle Qi thought for a while, then said in a deep voice: "Master, I have contacted Zhao Ying several times and found that this person is a very smart person and has great commanding ability. The most important thing is that this person knows how to advance and retreat. , it can be said that he is a rare talent, but I really don’t know what his training talent is.”

Zeng Yang said with a smile: "Your opinion of him is not low, that's all. Let's take a look first and then tell you. Now go and give the order to mobilize all the outer disciples and registered disciples and ask them to move the five I will wipe out all the forces of this beast. If you do well, the outer disciples can become registered disciples, and the registered disciples can receive my personal guidance."

Uncle Qi responded, Zeng Yang waved his hand, and he immediately retreated. After Uncle Qi retreated, Zeng Yang took a deep breath and murmured: "Zhao Ying, don't let me down. Ah." After saying that, he picked up the book again. The difference was that this time he felt that his mood was calmer.

At this time, Zhao Hai had already entered the quiet room and would not let Xiao Shui and the others disturb him. In fact, he had his own things to do when he entered the quiet room. He had to tell Xiaojiu and the others about his change in identity. , let them know about his current identity change, and let them be prepared. Not only Xiaojiu, Wu Yang, Fang Keming, but also Hell Gate and Old Liu Tou must tell them about Zhao Hai's current identity change. , only in this way will they make some adjustments in a timely manner, otherwise, problems may occur.

Only now did Zhao Hai realize that when a person's identity suddenly changes, there are still many things to deal with. Moreover, Zhao Hai must also tell the people of the Blood Killing Sect about the change in his identity, and at the same time be prepared to ask them to do it. To prepare for the next step, he planned to let people from the Blood Killing Sect break into various sects, or to appear by his side openly.