c7967 learn

When the manager heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then his face changed slightly, and then he lowered his head and said: "Sir, I have calculated that at the current mining speed, this mine can only It can be mined for about fifteen years, and by then the black iron ore here will be completely mined."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "So within the next fifteen years, can the output of Xuan Iron Mine be guaranteed?" To be honest, the quantity mentioned by the manager is still higher than Zhao Hai imagined. It's bigger. It's precisely because of this that Zhao Hai asked this question. If the output cannot be guaranteed, then mining for fifteen years will be meaningless.

The person in charge nodded and said: "Yes, sir, please rest assured that within fifteen years, the output can be guaranteed. Even after fifteen years, we will not have no output at all, but the output will be If it is very small, for us, the value of mining has been lost.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he said in a deep voice: "If we only mine one hundred thousand kilograms of ore every year and hand it over to Master, how many years can we mine here?" Zhao Hai now has a plan in mind. Ore can be mined less, but you can do some side jobs.

When the manager heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be startled, and then he immediately said: "If we only mine the quantity turned over, then we can still mine for at least another twenty-five years. This is what my subordinates can do." Definitely." He has been doing this kind of work all his life, so he knows the situation of the mine very well, and he is very clear about the output of the mine.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Okay, let's go back. I have something to tell you. Let's go." After saying that, Zhao Hai led everyone out of the mine and returned to the manor. After entering the manor, , Zhao Hai directly led everyone into a conference room here in the manor. This place was prepared for the owners of the mine. No matter who became the owner of the mine, they would come to the mine to have a look. When they got here, they naturally wanted to It was for giving instructions to managers, so the person in charge prepared a place like this. This conference room was not very big, but Lin Cang and the others still squeezed in here.

Zhao Hai looked at the manager, then at Lin Cang and the others, and then said: "The ore here has only been mined for fifteen years. This is indeed not good news for us, but if we If only the ore that needs to be handed over is mined every year, then this place can still last for twenty-five years, but this time is not long, especially for us monks. If all the ore here is mined, then This place is going to be abandoned, and then we won’t have any profit at all. I don’t think anyone wants this, right?”

Everyone nodded. Even a person who has never been in contact with this mine can imagine how much profit a black iron mine can bring. Once they lose the profits here, they will really be doomed, and Zhao What Hai said is not wrong at all. They are all monks. For them, twenty-five years is really not a long time. Maybe they will retreat a few times and the time will pass. So as Zhao Hai said, there is no People want this.

Zhao Hai then said: "So we need to make a transformation now. Here at Xuantie Mine, we can no longer just rely on the production of black iron stones to increase income. We must do some side businesses so that we can make profits, and Xuantie Mine The mining time will also be longer, what do you think?”

Lin Cang frowned and said: "Senior brother, if Xuantie Mine does not produce ore, how can we increase profits? Even if we want to grow herbs here, there is no way, because the mining here has left countless The gravel and slag are there, so there is no way to grow herbs, and naturally there is no way to increase income."

Everyone else nodded, even the person in charge. Zhao Hai glanced at them, then smiled slightly and said: "I really have a way to increase income. Don't forget, we are People from the Qingyang Sect, and our Qingyang Sect, have always started with talismans, so our Qingyang Sect needs a lot of various talisman inks every year, but there is a kind of talisman ink that is very rare. In today's sect, it can be said that it is a very scarce thing, and that is the ink for gold-type talismans."

Everyone knows this. Although Qingyang Sect now raises some metal monsters, kills them, and uses the blood of those monsters to make ink, but there is never enough, because the metal system The food that monsters need is also very special. Their food is a plant containing metal energy. Only by eating this kind of food can monsters not degenerate and their blood can become gold-based ink. If they do not feed metal, Plants with sexual energy, then the monsters will degenerate and their blood will no longer be used.

However, there are not many metallic plants. There are many metallic plants that the monsters cannot eat. Therefore, Qingyang Sect’s demand for metallic ink has always been very high. This has also made Everyone felt a huge headache. Qingyang Sect had always had sect missions, hoping that someone could solve this matter. It was precisely because of this that Lin Cang and the others knew about this matter.

Zhao Hai glanced at everyone again, and then he said: "I noticed this before, and I analyzed the recipes of those gold-type monsters, and finally I really discovered something, those Among the recipes of gold-type monsters, there is a very rare thing. This thing is called golden mushroom, which is a kind of metallic mushroom. This kind of mushroom is what those gold-type monsters like to eat very much. Plant something, but this kind of mushroom is very rare. It has very strict requirements for the growing environment. It must be dark, moist, and there must be metallic soil in order to grow. Therefore, although the sect now has species, there are no species. But there aren’t many of them, and they can’t become the staple food of those gold-type monsters. Now I feel that the golden-edged mushroom is a usable thing.”

When Zhao Hai said this, everyone was stunned. Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled slightly: "The mines we have dug are dark enough. Although they are not very humid, for us It is said that only a small water spell can solve this problem. As for the metallic soil, it is even simpler. Those slags are all metallic. As long as you grow golden mushrooms, , add those slag, then there will be no problem, it is enough to ensure the quality of golden mushrooms. There is a lot of mulch in the surrounding mountains. Collect some of the mulch, then add the slag in it, and then plant it. I think there is absolutely no problem with golden-edged mushrooms. As long as it is successful, then whether we are selling golden-edged mushrooms or directly providing metallic ink clay to the sect, there will be no problem in either case. What do you think?"

Everyone listened blankly to Zhao Hai's words. They had never thought of using mines to grow mushrooms. As Zhao Hai said, artificially changing the geology of a place to make it suitable for a kind of plant. Although Qingyang Sect has also done things like the growth of human beings, the methods used by Zhao Hai and others have never been thought of, which makes them not surprised.

After a while, Lin Cang finally said: "Senior, senior brother, is this feasible? No?" He really had never thought of this method, so he really didn't know whether this method was feasible, but his instinct I feel that this method may not be successful because I have never heard of anyone using this method.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "I think it's feasible. We can give it a try. Anyway, there's no loss. It's just collecting some rot and wasting some golden-edged mushrooms. Golden-edged mushrooms are sold in the sect, and It's not expensive, because no one has any solution to this problem so far, so it's very cheap. We can conduct a test. For the sake of it, you organize people. After mining enough of the ore handed over today, don't do it. After mining, we will conduct such a test."

The manager didn't dare to say anything. Although he didn't believe that Zhao Hai could succeed, he still responded. Zhao Hai glanced at everyone and then said: "Use all the mines here and divide them into different areas. In the rot temple in each area, add different proportions of mineral pools, and then plant golden-edged mushrooms. The amount of watering every year should also be different, and then take a look. In which area the golden-edged mushrooms grow best, as long as they can Find the best one, then we can grow Enoki mushrooms for a long time. You can rest assured that today’s benefits will not be lost to you. Even if it fails, I will take part of the profits from other industries to supplement You guys, but if it works, then we’ve solved all the problems.”

When everyone heard what Zhao Hai said, they naturally had nothing to say. They all responded, and Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Next, we will keep an eye here for a while, and everyone will divide the work. Senior Brother Lin Cang, you Lead people to clean up the mine tunnels and select a place to plant golden-edged mushrooms. Brother Huang Xiang, you can lead people to collect mulch. In the mulch, you can also add some broken wood or grass, but the quantity is not required. There are too many. I'm going to buy the functional strains of Golden Edge Mushroom. Brother Xu Shi, you brought someone to specially add the slag to the sludge in different proportions. Brother Xu Yuan, you specially gave it to us. Water the planting area, remember, the watering must also be proportional, be sure to remember.”

Everyone agreed and then went to prepare, but Zhao Hai turned to the steward and said: "Steward, look at those miners, they are still mining ore, but they will stop as long as the quantity is enough to be handed over. Come down, okay, everyone, let's take action." Everyone responded, and then turned around and went away, and Zhao Hai also returned directly to Qingyang Sect. He had to buy the bacteria first. Okay, but Zhao Hai still thinks that they are very likely to succeed, because this method is also a very mature method of growing mushrooms on the earth. He believes that it will be successful here in the world of cultivation, not to mention, this This method has actually been used in the Blood Killing Sect for a long time.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.