c7965 magic weapon

As soon as Zhao Hai saw Zeng Yang, he immediately saluted Zeng Yang and said: "Meet the master." Zhao Hai still had a good impression of Zeng Yang, although when Zeng Yang initially accepted him as his disciple, it might be because of other reasons. The reason may be because of anger. Anyway, he didn't really want to accept him as his disciple, but the skills Zeng Yang taught him were really good.

Now Zhao Hai already knows that the Kung Fu technique Zeng Yang taught him is called Kong He Jin. This technique is much stronger than the giant ape technique Zhao Hai used before. The biggest feature of Kong He Jin is that , his strength against people has improved very quickly, and even if people don't use the Dharma, they still have the sixth level of combat power of the Dharma with this set of exercises. This is already a very high proportion of all the exercises. , and the higher the ratio, the more powerful this set of skills is. From this point, it can be seen that Zeng Yang is really good to him.

Zeng Yang looked at Zhao Hai with a smile on his face, then nodded and said in a deep voice: "Not bad, very good. In one retreat, I directly realized the true meaning of Bai He, and mastered the control of He Jin to the earth evil level. , It’s amazing, it’s very amazing, Zhao Ying, I found that your control of the crane does not seem to include strength and defense. How did you do it? You must know that he has learned the giant ape technique before. If you switch from the Giant Ape Kung Fu to the Crane Controlling Technique, your Crane Controlling Jing should be somewhat affected by the Giant Ape Kung Fu. It will be stronger and your defense will be stronger, but the speed will be slower. Why do you It seems that your control over the crane is not affected at all? What’s going on?”

When Zhao Hai heard what Zeng Yang said, he was stunned. He really didn't know that the Dharma and phases would actually affect each other. It was like merging the Giant Ape Cultivation Technique with the Crane Controlling Strength. The Giant Ape Cultivation Technique Some of the advantages in it will be added to Konghe Jin. The impact on Konghe Jin may not necessarily be good, but this impact will exist.

Zhao Hai didn't have this kind of influence before, so he didn't know about it. Now when he heard what Zeng Yang said, he was stunned for a moment. Then he thought about it and decided to tell the truth to Zeng Yang. Of course, He would not tell anything about his eleven-faced and ten-armed Buddha's Dharma. He would only say that he had two Dharma's in his body.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately saluted Zeng Yang and said: "Master, I don't quite understand what you said. The giant ape's Dharma is the giant ape's Dharma, and Controlling Crane Jin is Controlling Crane Jin. The two of them should not be together. What impact will it have?" As he spoke, he looked at Zeng Yang pretending to be confused.

When Zeng Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but frowned and said, "What you said is wrong. What about the giant ape dharma you practiced before? Didn't it disappear?" What Zeng Yang knew was that as long as Zhao Hai practiced After practicing the Crane Controlling Strength, the giant ape's appearance will disappear. Does it mean that Zhao Hai's giant ape's appearance still exists?

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "No, disciples can still use the giant ape method." This is the truth that Zhao Hai wants to say. He believes that even if his method really doesn't make sense, Zeng Yang will only think that He is extremely talented and has no doubts about it, so that's why he said this.

Zeng Yang was stunned for a moment, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "You mean, you can still use the giant ape dharma now? Show me the giant ape dharma right away and let me see, quickly." Zeng Yang was really very serious Worry, because if Zhao Hai can really do this, it means that Zhao Hai's talent is so powerful that it is surprising.

Zhao Hai responded, and then he swayed slightly, and then he saw a giant ape appearing around his body. However, the giant ape did not move or scream, it just stood there quietly, and then disappeared. , but even this has already surprised Zeng Yang.

After a while, a huge burst of laughter burst out from Zeng Yang's mouth: "Hahahaha, okay, great, God really treats me well, hahahaha, okay, that's really great!" His look He was very excited and looked at Zhao Hai with shining eyes, which made Zhao Hai feel very excited.

After a while, Zeng Yang regained his composure. He glanced at Zhao Hai, and then said: "Zhao Ying, you may be wondering why I am so happy as a teacher. Because of your situation, in the sect, It is very rare in the sect. It can even be said that it is very rare in the Wanshan Realm. Here in the Wanshan Realm, only a very small number of people can do it. They can practice two Dharmas at the same time, like Such people are called God's Chosen People, and they are called the Chosen Ones in the world, and they are even rarer than the Chosen Ones."

Speaking of this, Zeng Yang paused for a moment, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "You should know about the Chosen One, right?" Zhao Hai nodded, Zeng Yang also nodded, and then said: "The Chosen One is because of himself. It has an ability that can be used without training, so it is called the Chosen One, but the Chosen One is different. The Chosen One can use two Dharma Appearances at the same time, or even more Dharma Appearances. Here in the Wanshan Realm, there is a God's Chosen One, who has previously created records of one person using twelve Dharma Appearances at the same time. However, the God's Chosen One also has another name here in the Wanshan Realm, and that is the God of Punishment. people."

Speaking of this, his face couldn't help but become solemn, and then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "The reason why it is called this name is because, although the people chosen by God can use multiple methods at the same time, their achievements may not be too high. , because the strength of their two Dharma forms cannot be too different, that is to say, it is impossible for him to practice one Dharma form to an extremely strong level and then turn around to practice another Dharma form. All his Dharma forms must be They have to go hand in hand, otherwise it may cause bad consequences, and it is possible to go crazy, so you must pay attention to this."

Then Zeng Yang smiled bitterly and said: "Originally, my master has prepared something for you, which is a magic weapon for you to use now. This magic weapon is a magic weapon of Dharma. In other words, you are summoning the Dharma. You can also use this magic weapon when you are young, but if I give this magic weapon to you now, it will not be of any benefit to you. Forget it, I will give it to you." After Zeng Yang moved his hand, his hand There were two more strange weapons inside, which turned out to be two grasps.

The so-called grabs are weapons like two iron hands, except that these two grabs are made like two crane claws, and each joint can still move, just like two extended crane claws. Likewise, Zeng Yang directly handed the weapon to Zhao Hai, and then said to Zhao Hai: "Don't use this pair of grips now. This pair of grips was my weapon when I was young. I named it Crane Hands. You know Why don't I let you use the crane hand now? Because if you have a Dharma weapon in your hand and integrate this pair of Dharma objects into your Dharma form, your Dharma cultivation will be accelerated a lot , and this pair of magical instruments will be directly integrated with your Dharma form. When your Dharma form is taken into your body, this pair of Dharma objects will also be put into your body, unless it is the next time you release the Dharma form. , and then take out the magic weapon from the Dharma form, otherwise, this pair of Dharma objects will be integrated with your Dharma form, speeding up the practice of your Dharma form, which is also very beneficial to the combat effectiveness of your Dharma form. "

Having said this, he sighed, and then said: "Now your ability to control cranes is much stronger than that of your giant ape. You must practice your giant ape's method for a period of time now, so if you are controlling the crane If you put this pair of magical instruments into your White Crane Dharma Appearance, and your Great Ape Dharma Appearance does not have Dharma Apparatus, then in the end, your White Crane Dharma Appearance will become stronger and stronger, and your Giant Ape Dharma Appearance will become stronger. It’s getting worse and worse, and if the gap is too big, it will have an impact on you.”

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, but he still reached out to take the pair of crane hands, and then heard Zeng Yang say: "It's a pity that there is no other Dharma-like weapon now. Otherwise, you would have to integrate the pair of Dharma-like weapons into yours." Among the Dharma images, it will be very beneficial to your subsequent practice."

There was a strange look on Zhao Hai's face. He then turned to Zeng Yang and said: "Master, I really have a magical weapon in my hand, and it is just suitable for use in my giant ape's Dharma. It's just that Because my previous cultivation was too low, I never dared to use it."

When Zeng Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said suspiciously: "Do you have a Faxiang weapon?" He really didn't believe Zhao Hai's words. You must know that the Faxiang weapon is not It was so easy to find. He had obtained the pair of crane hands by accident before. If he had not had a better magic weapon now, he would not have given the pair of crane hands to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then he smiled bitterly and said: "The disciple really has a magic weapon. Master, you also know the origin of the disciple. I turned out to be a subordinate of senior brother Le Wenzhen. After I helped Le Wenzhen do it once Because I did a good job in the task, senior brother Le Wenzhen rewarded me with a magic weapon. He just said that the magic weapon was for physical cultivation, so he gave it to me, and I practiced it unintentionally. That magic weapon was found to be a magic weapon. However, because the disciple’s cultivation level is too low, if others knew that the disciple had a magic weapon on his body, the disciple would be afraid that someone would kill someone and seize the treasure, so the disciple would not If you dare to use that magic weapon, I have never dared to use it." Zhao Hai said as he took out the elephant bead. handed it to Zeng Yang.

Zeng Yang took Zhao Hai's elephant bead, took a look at it, and then returned the elephant bead to Zhao Hai and said: "Not bad, really good, you boy is so lucky. I really didn't expect that you still have a Dharma in your hand." It doesn't matter if it's a magical weapon, then you can use these two methods at the same time, but my teacher tells you that when you go out to fight in the future, you must use the white crane method, and don't use the giant ape method, because if you are outside If you use the Great Ape Dharma Appearance in front of you and the White Crane Dharma Appearance, others will know that you can use both Dharma Appearances at the same time. Then they will know that you are the person chosen by God. At that time, countless people will know that you can use the two Dharma Appearances at the same time. I want your life, so you can secretly practice the Giant Ape Technique, but in the future, don’t use the Giant Ape Technique when facing enemies. By the way, what magic weapon do you usually use when facing enemies?"

Zhao Hai quickly took out the Tiger Head Hammer, dragged it to Zeng Yang and said: "Master's disciples usually use this magic weapon. It was snatched from a disciple of the Qianyuan Sect. It is in Xuantie Robbed from the mountains."

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.