c7966 industry

Zeng Yang glanced at the magic weapon and said in a deep voice: "It is a good thing, but it is no longer suitable for you to use it now. You can put it away. I will give you this long spear. You can use it in the future." Let him be your magic weapon. If you don't use the magic weapon against the enemy, you can use the spear as the weapon. If you use the magic weapon against the enemy, you can also use the crane hand." After saying this, there was already an extra weapon in Zeng Yang's hand. With a spear, he directly threw his appearance to Zhao Hai.

The whole body of this spear is bright silver, with a blood-white tassel. The spear is one foot and two long, and the tip alone is one and a half feet long. Although the spear is bright silver, it seems to be very flexible. , Zhao Hai held it in his hand, and with a slight shake, the spear trembled slightly, and the tip of the spear shook, forming a blossoming spear flower.

Zhao Hai was overjoyed. He quickly saluted Zeng Yang and said, "Thank you, Master." Although this spear is among the magic weapons, it can only be regarded as average, but not everyone can get such a magic weapon. , it can be seen that Zeng Yang is indeed very good to Zhao Hai, and he sincerely regards Zhao Hai as his disciple.

Zeng Yang waved his hand, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, you go back, remember, practice hard, now your strength is almost the same as those rebels, but it's just like you said , those rebel disciples will never dare to come out from the Qianyuan Sect now, so even if you want to deal with them now, it is impossible. You just need to practice hard. In the recent period, you don’t want to I left the sect because I was worried that the people of the Qianyuan Sect would retaliate against us. We cleaned up the peripheral forces of those traitors. With the character of the traitor, they would definitely retaliate, and the person they retaliate against, It’s very likely that it’s you, so don’t go out and just practice peacefully in the sect for a while.”

Zhao Hai responded quickly, and Zeng Yang waved his hand to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai saluted Zeng Yang, then turned and left Zeng Yang's small building. After Zhao Hai left, Zeng Yang couldn't help but smile again. He turned to Uncle Qi and said: "Xiao Qi, do you think this is God's will? God can't stand those traitors, so he They drove me away and then sent me such a disciple.”

Xiao Qi said with a smile: "I think it must be like this. Young Master Zhao Ying's strength has improved so fast that it really exceeded our expectations. Moreover, he and Bai He's Dharma are surprisingly consistent with Wen Han, so he was directly His strength was immediately raised to the Earth Demon level, which is stronger than Jiang Yuliu and the others, and he is actually a person chosen by God, and his future achievements are limitless."

Zeng Yang also had a smile on his face, and then said in a deep voice: "If you have time, ask Le Wenzhen if he has given Zhao Hai a magic weapon for physical training. Also, pay attention to Let’s take a look at how Zhao Ying handles those industries. Eight of those industries are mines, and those mines have been severely damaged. I’m afraid they won’t be open for many more years. Let’s see how he does it. There must be more Pay attention to his character, one fall is enough, I don’t want to fall a second time.”

Xiao Qi responded, and then went down to make arrangements. Xiao Qi was indeed worried that Zhao Hai had a bad character. If Zhao Hai did the same thing as Jiang Yuliu and the others in the future, the harm to Zeng Yang would probably be It will be bigger than Jiang Yuliu and the others combined, so it must be controlled well.

Zhao Xiaohai returned to his small building, directly called Xiao Shui and Xiao Jin into his study, and then asked a few people: "Has anyone come to see me these days?" Zhao Hai knew that this time, he The retreat time was very long, so he really wanted to know if anyone had come to see him these days.

Xiao Jin immediately said: "Yes, Master, the stewards came to see you before and sent some reports, please see the master." After saying that, he handed the thirteen jade slips to Zhao Hai's hand, and Zhao Hai took it He took the jade slips and read them one by one. However, after reading them, he frowned because these reports did not contain what he needed.

Zhao Hai put the jade slips on the table, and then said in a deep voice: "Go, invite Lin Cang and the others, everyone." Xiao Jin responded, and immediately turned around and ran out, while Xiao Shui and the others were all low. Standing there with their heads bowed, no one dared to speak. I don’t know why. Although Zhao Hai didn’t say anything harsh to them, they instinctively felt fear in front of Zhao Hai, so they stood in front of Zhao Hai. In front of them, everyone dared not even take a breath.

After a while, Xiao Jin came with Lin Cang and the others. Zhao Hai swept straight to the living room. After Lin Cang and the others also arrived in the living room, Zhao Hai said to Lin Cang and the others: "I called everyone here today because of one thing. Let everyone come with me. After I became Master's true disciple, Master gave me some properties and asked me to take care of them. I was in a hurry to go into retreat and did not go to see those properties. Now I am ready to go Look, you also come with me, and you will all be my subordinates from now on. As long as those industries are taken care of, you will also get more benefits, so if you have time in the future, you can also go and take a look at those industries. , but you only have the power to supervise, not to manage. If you find any problems, tell me and I will deal with them. You cannot directly intervene. From now on, a layer of the net profits of the industry will belong to you. Is there no problem?"

When Lin Cang and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they immediately said: "There is no problem, please rest assured, leader." They called Zhao Hai leader because they were an alliance, but when Zhao Hai heard what they said, he gave up. He waved his hands and said: "From now on, please call me Senior Brother, not Alliance Leader, it's weird. Also, don't tell anyone about this matter, and don't tell Senior Brother Le, let's go." Several people responded, and then They followed Zhao Hai and walked out.

In the courtyard of the true disciples, there was a teleportation array. They immediately boarded the teleportation array in the courtyard and arrived at a mine. That mine was the Xuantie Mine they had fought before, where now It is already Zhao Hai's property, and there is also a teleportation array there. Now, as soon as Zhao Hai and others appeared in the teleportation array there, they immediately attracted the attention of some people. When they saw so many of them, those people all looked like one. He was stunned, and then people immediately gathered around him, and some people quickly ran towards the manor, obviously going to call someone.

Zhao Hai glanced at the people gathered around him and found that they all seemed to be monks. However, their cultivation was not very high, and their clothes were not necessarily very good, but at least they seemed to be in good spirits. When Zhao Hai was looking at those people, he saw one flying over. That person landed directly in front of Zhao Hai. Then he saluted Zhao Hai and said: "I have seen my lord, my subordinates are late to greet you. Please come." Lord, forgive me.”

Then he turned to look at the others and said loudly: "What are you doing here? This is our Lord, the owner of this mine. Get back to the room." When those people heard him say this He said, everyone was so scared that their faces turned pale, and then they all bowed to Zhao Hai, then turned and left.

Zhao Hai glanced at those people and asked the person in charge: "Who are they?" Zhao Hai was really curious. He had heard that the miners here did not have such a good life in the past, but now From the looks of these people, they look like miners, but they seem to be living a pretty good life.

The manager immediately said: "If we go back to the Lord, these people are all miners in the mine, but they are just newly recruited. The former mine slaves ran away one by one as soon as they heard that they could be let go. Even if their subordinates offered them good conditions, no one was willing to stay. These people were all newly recruited. They were all casual cultivators, and some were recruited from various countries. They practiced All of them are physical cultivation techniques. My cultivation talent is not very good, so I have no achievements. I just want to use my own strength to earn more spiritual stones so that my family can live a good life. Please Lord. Don’t worry, the conditions offered to them by my subordinates are definitely very good.”

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Let's go, take me to the mine." The manager responded and immediately led Zhao Hai to the mine, looking at him as he walked. After glancing at Lin Cang and the others, Zhao Hai also noticed his actions and said to him: "They are all my subordinates. They may come to you for inspection in the future. They do not directly order you or manage your power. But if they find out something wrong and tell me, I will take care of you, so if they come to you in the future, you can show them whatever they want to see, and don’t stop them."

The manager responded, but sweat was already visible on his forehead. He knew very well that these people were equal to the inspectors. If he really did something in the future and let these people see it, he might be the one to blame. There will be no good life, but he did not dare to say anything, so he could only lead Zhao Hai and the others into the mine.

Lin Cang and the others were visiting their hometown, and they all seemed a little excited. From time to time, they would give instructions to some mines, saying how many mines they were in, and how they fought there. This made the person in charge even break out in a cold sweat. Risk, he found that Zhao Hai and the others really knew this place very well.

Soon Zhao Hai and the others arrived at the innermost part of the mine, where many miners were working. They all held pickaxes in their hands and were digging the mine. From time to time, they would dig out a piece of ore. Then put it into a space bag next to it, and then take it out later.

The manager introduced: "Lord, these space bags are provided by us. They do not carry space bags to prevent them from stealing the ores here." This is obviously a common method they use here, except for them In addition to the space bags provided, miners are not allowed to have their own space equipment to prevent them from stealing ores themselves.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Manager, please estimate, how many years can this mine be mined at the current mining speed?" This is what Zhao Hai is most concerned about, because the mine here is Ore cannot be regenerated. If it were mined all at once, it would be troublesome, so he asked.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.