c7962 cooperate

The path that Zhao Hai arranged for the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect was actually very simple. After Zeng Yang's disciples wiped out all Jiang Yuliu's territory, there would definitely be some gaps left. He had already followed Uncle Qi said that if the disciples of the Qingyang Sect are not allowed to interfere in those territories, then the forces controlled by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can be allowed to intervene in those territories. After the territories are taken down, Jiang Yuliu and the others will definitely think about it in the future. The way is to seize back the territory. When the time comes, the forces controlled by the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect can surrender directly. In this way, they will be equivalent to infiltrating Jiang Yuliu and the others. This will make it even more difficult for Zhao Hai to deal with Jiang Yuliu and the others in the future. It would be easy. After he takes care of Jiang Yuliu, he can let the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect appear by his side openly. This is his plan.

After handling these matters, Zhao Hai did not retreat immediately, but returned to the living room. After sitting down, he called Xiao Shui to his side and said to Xiao Shui: "Xiao Shui, go and have fun." Senior Brother Wen Zhen is invited here. Remember, you must be polite and say that I invite him to come. I have something to discuss. Because of my current status, it is not convenient for me to invite him in person. Please forgive him and go." Xiao Shui He said yes and went immediately.

But at this time, Le Wenzhen's face was uncertain. He already knew the change of Zhao Hai's identity. This was what surprised him the most. He never thought that he was just a subordinate he had accepted. Less than a month after he joined the Qingyang Sect, he suddenly climbed over him and became Zeng Yang's direct disciple, with a higher status than him. Such a change really made him feel uncomfortable. He couldn't come to his senses.

Then Le Wenzhen received another notification from Uncle Qi. Only then did he know that five of Zeng Yang's disciples had rebelled against the sect. This was a big deal. Now Uncle Qi had given them an order, and they had to kill those five Of course he wanted to go after the external forces of his disciple were wiped out, but he still felt a little troubled by Zhao Hai's change in identity.

At this moment, he heard a knock on the door, and Le Wenzhen immediately said: "What's the matter?" He knew very well that the person who knocked on his door at this time must be his servant, so he directly said He asked. Sure enough, the voice of his servant came from outside the door: "Master, there are servants of Lord Zhao Ying outside the door asking to see you."

Hearing what his servant said, Le Wenzhen couldn't help but be startled. He then immediately said: "Let him come in." The disciple responded, then turned and left, but Le Wenzhen was sitting there, but His mind was very confused. He really wanted to know why Zhao Hai sent his servants to him at this time. Was it because he wanted to humiliate him?

At this moment, there was a knock on the door, and then the voice of his servant came: "Master, Master Zhao Ying's servant has arrived." After saying that, there was no sound, obviously waiting for his order. Le Wenzhen took a deep breath, and then said in a deep voice: "Let him come in." He said twice, but only said let him come in, but did not say invite him in. It can be seen that he was still a little dissatisfied in his heart. There is really no way to convince Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai was originally just his servant and a dead soldier in his hand, but just one month after joining the Qingyang Sect, his status was even higher than him. How could he be convinced? .

The servant responded, then pushed the door open, and saw a very young servant walking in from the door. As soon as he saw Le Wenzhen, the servant immediately saluted Le Wenzhen and said: "Greetings to Mr. Le, The villain Yishui, please invite Master Le to come to Yixu before serving my master. My master said that his current status is not suitable for him to come to invite you in person, so I can only let the villain come. Please forgive me."

Le Wenzhen was stunned when he heard Xiao Shui's words, then he glanced at Xiao Shui, and then said in a deep voice: "Did your master really say that? Are these his original words?" Le Wenzhen's current I feel a lot more comfortable now. Although Zhao Hai has a higher status than him now, he is very polite to him. This is really not easy.

Xiao Shui immediately said: "Yes, it is the exact words of my master." Xiao Shui did not know the relationship between Le Wenzhen and Zhao Hai. He was just selected because Zhao Hai showed up too quickly. , people like them know very little about Zhao Hai, so he is more careful when doing things.

In fact, these servant families in the Qingyang Sect have an understanding of the various forces and characters of the Qingyang Sect that even the people of the Qingyang Sect can hardly imagine. The disciples from their families must learn these things from an early age. Things, when they become that adult's servants, they will quickly enter the role and arrange the adult's daily life very well. It is precisely because of this that those servant families can always stay in Qingyang Sect. exist.

But Zhao Hai emerged too quickly, so those families can be said to have completely no understanding of Zhao Hai. It is precisely because of this that Xiao Shui is so careful, because he does not even know that Zhao Hai and Le Wen are really relationship, which made him always feel frightened when dealing with these things.

Le Wenzhen nodded, then stood up and said in a deep voice: "Let's go." Xiao Shui responded and led the way for Le Wenzhen. The two of them soon arrived in front of Zhao Hai's yard, the yard chosen by Zhao Hai. , is not the biggest or the smallest in the courtyard of the true disciples, nor is the location the most upright, nor the most biased, everything seems very ordinary.

Wen Zhen and Xiao Shui were very happy to have arrived at Zhao Hai's yard. As soon as they entered the yard, Le Wenzhen was stunned because he saw Zhao Hai standing in front of the door to greet him. As soon as he saw him enter, After entering the yard, Zhao Hai walked towards him quickly. As he walked towards him, he clasped his fists and saluted him and said: "Senior Brother Le, Zhao is so far away from us. Please forgive me, Senior Brother Le, hurry up." Please come inside." He looked extremely enthusiastic.

When Le Wenzhen saw Zhao Hai like this, he couldn't go too far. He clasped his fists at Zhao Hai and said, "I don't dare to take it seriously. I should call you Senior Brother Zhao." Le Wenzhen still felt a little uncomfortable in his heart, so he There were still some strong words in his words. As soon as he said them, he regretted it a little, because no matter what, Zhao Hai has now become Zeng Yang's true disciple. If he offends Zhao Hai, he may be in trouble in the future. It won't be easy.

However, Zhao Hai didn't seem to be angry at all, and instead said: "Brother Le, what are you talking about? This is not the place to talk. Let's go in and talk." After saying this, Zhao Hai turned to Le Wenzhen, He invited Xiao Shui to his study room, then asked Xiao Shui to serve tea to the two of them, and then asked Xiao Shui and the others to retreat.

After Xiao Shui retreated, Zhao Hai gave Le Wenzhen a wry smile and said, "Senior Brother Le, to be honest, I still can't believe this is true. What happened in our lineage recently? , I think you already know that the old master was angry about this matter, and then he was also angry, so he accepted me as a disciple. It can be said that I just picked an advantage. As for why the master I really don’t know if you want to accept me as your disciple.”

Zhao Hai didn't tell Le Wenzhen that Zeng Yang was also a physical practitioner, because Zeng Yang didn't want people to know, so he naturally didn't dare to say it, so he could only say he didn't know. After listening to Zhao Hai's words, Le Wenzhen also smiled bitterly, and then said in a deep voice: "What happened this time was really too sudden, and it must have been a big blow to the master. As for why he had to accept it?" It’s really hard to say that you are a true disciple, and I don’t know whether this is a good thing or a bad thing. You are not a self-registered disciple, and you are not very strong. There are many registered disciples. If you don’t accept it, I’m afraid it will cause trouble in the future.”

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, and then said in a deep voice: "Speaking of which, the cause of this matter is also related to you, Senior Brother Le. Before, I released the Dharma Appearance in the courtyard of the registered disciples. I think you, Senior Brother Le, also know Are you done?" Le Wenzhen nodded. He really knew about this matter. He was also surprised at the time and wanted to ask someone to call Zhao Hai to find out what was going on, but he couldn't. It was already too late, because Uncle Qi ordered at that time that no one could move around at will. He originally planned to understand the situation after this incident was over, but what he expected was that the final development of this incident was completely unexpected. To his surprise, Zhao Hai turned out to be Zeng Yang's true disciple, which left him at a loss.

Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said: "The thing is like this, when I just came back from Linyuan Town, there was a servant who claimed to be your servant. You asked him to come to me and asked me to follow him. I listened. I said someone was looking for me, so I immediately followed him into the courtyard of the registered disciple, but he didn't go to you, but to another place. I immediately felt something was wrong. Plus the arrogance on the servant's face, what do you think? He didn't look like your servant, senior brother, so I stopped and asked him who he was. He also turned his back at that time. I finally had to release the Dharma image and restrained him directly. Then Uncle Qi appeared. , but the servant committed suicide on the spot, using poison, and his body was taken away by Uncle Qi. Not long after, Uncle Qi came to me again and took me to see the master. After marrying me, he actually accepted me as his true disciple, and then told me that Jiang Yuliu and the others had rebelled against the sect, and my senior brother asked me to kill Jiang Yuliu and the others. I haven't recovered yet. "

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, Le Wen couldn't help but be startled, and then his expression couldn't help but change. He said in a deep voice: "Is there such a thing? In this way, it's lucky that you seem to be smart, otherwise, I'm afraid you would have Just die. And you may not know that Master was actually very curious about you before. He gave us an order so that no one can harm you. But something like this happened. Obviously, someone didn't. Follow Master's orders, your incident may just be a trigger."

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "I think so too, forget it, there is no use thinking about it now. Senior brother, I invite you here this time just to discuss one thing with you, that is, we It's a matter of cooperation between two people." Having said this, Zhao Hai looked at Le Wenzhen with bright eyes.