c7963 arrange

Zhao Hai's words made Le Wenzhen stunned, but Le Wenzhen immediately reacted. Zhao Hai's identity is different now. Zhao Hai can say that he wants to cooperate with him, which in itself shows that Zhao Hai Hai was sincere, so he thought for a while, nodded and said: "Okay, then we can cooperate. I just don't know how we should cooperate."

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Senior Brother Le, you should also know that my position as a true disciple can be said to have been chosen. It's just for the sake of face that the master will not remove me. But if I don't practice enough in the future, If you work hard and don't make progress fast enough, you won't be favored by the master. So I will spend most of my time in training in the future. And senior brother, you should have received the order from Uncle Qi by now, right? Go and wipe out Jiang Yu. There is such a thing as exchanging their power."

Le Wenzhen nodded, of course there is such a thing, everyone knows about it, Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "This idea was actually mine, senior brother, don't you think it's strange? You lied to me in the first place The servant who entered the courtyard of the registered disciples did not take me to your courtyard, but walked to the other side, and did not come to the courtyard of the true disciples. What does this mean?"

Le Wen was stunned for a moment, then his eyes couldn't help but brighten, and he said in a deep voice: "It means that they are in the courtyard of the registered disciples, and they still have their people. In other words, there are registered disciples who are also involved in this matter. Senior brother, what do you mean?" Le Wenzhen has started to call Zhao Hai senior brother this time.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Jiang Yuliu and the others have already run away, but the registered disciple has not run away, so senior brother, you can tell Uncle Qi about this matter, and at the same time, you should also pay attention to the registered disciples and see where the registered disciple is. There is nothing to be gained from dealing with Jiang Yuliu's forces. That person may be Jiang Yuliu's people. When the time comes, you will cooperate with Qi Shu to eradicate all those black sheep, so that your status can be improved and removed. This is a good thing that kills two birds with one stone."

Le Wenzhen nodded, with an excited expression on his face. Zhao Hai looked at him and then said: "Senior Brother Le, if your status improves in the future, we will have more cooperation. , I wonder what Senior Brother Le means?" Zhao Hai said this and looked at Le Wenzhen intently.

Le Wenzhen was stunned when he heard what Zhao Hai said. Then when he saw Zhao Hai's eyes, he immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. I am afraid that in their future cooperation, Zhao Hai will be the main one. Although This made Le Wen really uncomfortable, but he still nodded and said, "Okay, just do as you say, senior brother."

Zhao Hai's face was filled with joy, he stood up, smiled at Le Wenzhen and said: "Okay, then this matter is settled. I may be in seclusion for a period of time recently. During this period, senior brother, you have to help me Take care of those who joined Qingyang Sect with me. They formed an alliance with me before, but there are other registered disciples standing behind them. Please take care of them, senior brother. If there are people standing behind them Those who dare to cause trouble for them, just say that they are now my people, and tell them to restrain themselves a little, what do you think, senior brother?"

Le Wenzhen said with a smile: "Okay, this is no problem. I will take care of them. If senior brother has no instructions, then I will leave first." Zhao Hai nodded and sent Le Wenzhen out of the door. The two said goodbye in front of the door, and Le Wenzhen left the courtyard of the true disciple.

Seeing Le Wenzhen leave, Zhao Hai called Xiao Jin over and said, "Xiao Jin, go to the outer disciples' courtyard, find Lin Cang, and tell him to bring all the people from our alliance here. , a total of thirty-five people, all come here, Xiao Shui, you go arrange the tea." The two of them responded, and then Xiao Jin immediately walked out, while Zhao Hai went to the living room and sat down, Xiao Shui not only went to arrange Tea and a lot of chairs were also placed in the living room. Fortunately, Zhao Hai's current living room is big enough, otherwise it would really be impossible to place them.

After a while, Lin Cang and the others all arrived at Zhao Hai's yard. Zhao Hai still stood in front of the door to greet them. When he saw them coming, Zhao Hai couldn't help but smile slightly, waved to them and said, "Everyone is here. ? Come in quickly, why are you being polite to me?" As soon as Zhao Hai said these words, Lin Cang and the others, who were originally a little nervous, relaxed a little.

They followed Zhao Hai into the living room. After sitting down in the living room, Zhao Hai looked at Lin Cang and the others and said, "I think you all know what happened this time. You should also receive the order to clean up." Jiang Yuliu and the others have gained power, but I want to tell you that this matter is not over yet. After a while, some registered disciples may also get into trouble, and as long as you perform well, you may also become registered disciples."

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Lin Cang and the others also nodded. They knew about this matter. Uncle Qi mentioned this matter in the order he gave them, but in fact they really didn't embrace it. Too much hope. After all, they have just joined Qingyang Sect and are not strong enough. The chance of becoming a registered disciple is not very high. They do not think that they are as lucky as Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at their looks and smiled slightly: "I called everyone here because I want to tell you one thing. We are an alliance and joined the Qingyang Sect together. Although my status is different now, But this is all luck. I hope that our alliance will not break up. It has always been this alliance, and this time you have to act together. In the future, you will not have to worry about the people behind you. You will be mine from now on. People, my men, what do you think?"

When Lin Cang and the others heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. They thought that their alliance would disappear the moment Zhao Hai became a true disciple. However, they did not expect that Zhao Hai would actually propose this on his own initiative. The alliance still exists, and they can become Zhao Hai's subordinates, which makes them all a little happy.

If Zhao Hai was still an ordinary outer disciple and he asked Lin Cang and the others to become his subordinates, Lin Cang and the others might still feel a little uncomfortable, but now Zhao Hai is a true disciple. When he said this, Lin Cang But they felt very happy, because the subordinates of the true disciples were usually registered disciples, and there were very few outer disciples. It was not easy for them to become Zhao Hai's subordinates.

Lin Cang immediately said: "It all depends on senior brother." Others also said in unison: "It all depends on senior brother." Of course they would not let go of this opportunity, so they said so. Zhao Hai looked at them, With a very satisfied look on his face, he looked at Lin Cang and the others and said, "Okay, as long as you agree, then I have a few things to tell you. You should remember them."

Lin Cang and the others all responded. Zhao Hai glanced at Lin Cang and the others, and then said: "You must also participate in this action against Jiang Yuliu and his forces, and you must act together, but this is not the point. The point is , I have already made an agreement with Senior Brother Le Wenzhen to ask him to take care of you, because I may have to go into seclusion recently, and I don’t know when I will enter and exit seclusion, so I asked him to take care of you, so if you have anything, you can go to Le Wenzhen. Senior Brother Wenzhen."

Lin Cang and the others all responded. Zhao Hai looked at them and then said in a deep voice: "I agree that you go to find Senior Brother Le Wenzhen. There is no problem with this, but you have to remember that you are mine. Subordinates, if Senior Brother Le Wenzhen tells you that from now on you will only listen to him and not to me, I hope you will understand what you should do."

Lin Cang and the others were stunned, and then Huang Xiang said with some confusion: "Leader, such a thing won't happen, right? You are a true disciple now, and Le Wenzhen is just a registered disciple. Does he dare to do this?" In Huang Xiang's view, Zhao Hai is now a true disciple, and his status is much higher than that of Le Wenzhen's registered disciple, so Zhao Hai's worries are definitely unnecessary in their view.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Don't forget, I used to be Senior Brother Le Wenzhen's subordinate, but now I suddenly climbed on top of him, would he be willing? And don't forget, I am the only true disciple of Master now. One person, do you think it will always be like this? Master, won't there be other true disciples now? There are probably countless people now, all eyeing the position of several other true disciples, so what will happen? No one really knows what happened, you know what I mean."

Lin Cang and the others all nodded. They indeed understood what Zhao Hai meant. This matter was indeed not a small matter. If such a thing really happened, if they chose the wrong person, the problem would be very big. Yes, of course they will choose Zhao Hai now. Based on Zhao Hai's methods, they believe that choosing Zhao Hai is absolutely right.

Zhao Hai looked at Lin Cang and the others, couldn't help but smile, and then said: "Don't worry, as long as I can stabilize my position as a true disciple, I will never treat you badly. I dare not say that I will let you become a master soon." I am a registered disciple, but if there is an opportunity in the future, I will definitely let you become Master’s registered disciple.”

Lin Cang and the others all responded, and Zhao Hai then said in a deep voice: "Okay, just remember this matter. Let's all go back. Remember, you must act collectively for this action. If you find something wrong, If you are there, go back immediately and don't cause any casualties. I suspect someone may be targeting me. I'm going into seclusion now. If they can't do anything to me, then they may deal with you, so you must be careful."

Lin Cang and the others all responded. They also knew that things were far from as simple as they thought. They had to be careful. Otherwise, they might not have the chance to become Zeng Yang's registered disciples, but would be directly dismissed. Get killed, this is not what they want to see.

Zhao Hai said to them: "Okay, I have said everything that needs to be said. Let's go back first. I won't send you off. If you need anything, be sure to tell me. This is for you. This is mine. Coordinates." As he spoke, Zhao Hai took out a portable teleportation array and gave it to Lin Cang. He also told them the coordinates of his teleportation array.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.

Recommended new book by urban master Lao Shi: