c7968 Change

"What has Zhao Ying been doing recently?" Zeng Yang was sitting in the study and asked Uncle Qi who was standing next to the desk. He had not seen Zhao Hai for a month, and he had not heard anything about Zhao Hai. action, so he was very curious, so he asked Uncle Qi.

Uncle Qi said to Zeng Yang: "Replying to the master, Young Master Zhao Ying is currently experimenting with growing golden mushrooms at the Xuantie Mine. I heard that this is because the Xuantie Mine has been in need of something for more than ten years. None of them can be mined and will be abandoned, so the young master came up with a way, hoping to solve the problem of the Xuantie Mine so that there can be other income from the Xuantie Mine."

Zeng Yang was stunned for a moment, then he turned to look at Uncle Qi and said, "Oh? Did you go to the mine to plant golden mushrooms? Fortunately, he could think of it, but this kid didn't directly increase the mining intensity of the mine, which has already made people feel uncomfortable. I am very satisfied. Although the method is a bit whimsical, the starting point is good."

Obviously, Zeng Yang didn't think Zhao Hai could succeed, but Uncle Qi looked at Zeng Yang with a very strange expression. After Zeng Yang finished speaking, Uncle Qi said: "Master, Young Master Zhao Ying has succeeded. , in one month, in only one month, they had already harvested the first batch of golden mushrooms, which were shown to the people of the sect. The quality was very good, and those metallic monsters also liked to eat them. , I heard that Young Master Zhao Hai plans to raise some metal-based monsters there, and in the future, he will specially make ink to provide metallic spiritual ink directly to the sect."

Zeng Yang was stunned for a moment, then looked at Uncle Qi with some surprise and said, "Did it really succeed?" Zeng Yang really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would succeed. If Zhao Hai really succeeded, then he would only be there every year. I’m afraid the income won’t be less, right? And it also solved a very headache problem for the sect.

Uncle Qi nodded and said: "Yes, it was successful. Their first batch of golden mushrooms have all been sold to the sect. The sect gave them a high price. I heard that there are many people now. We have set our sights on the Young Master’s property, Master, what do you think we should do now?”

Zeng Yang snorted coldly and said, "How dare they? It's my disciple's property. How courageous are they? Spread the word. If anyone dares to touch my disciple's property, don't blame me for knocking on their door." Zeng Yang Yang was really angry this time. He was really satisfied with Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai was his disciple. He handed over the property to Zhao Hai, but Zhao Hai did not destroy those properties or give himself any money. To get benefits from it, he was thinking of ways to solve the problem. To be honest, Zhao Hai's method of solving the problem was something he had never thought of. How could he not be surprised?

Uncle Qi responded, and Zeng Yang continued: "So, Zhao Ying is still staying at the Xuantie Mine now? His practice has not fallen behind, right? If he falls behind in his practice because of these things, then No." Zeng Yang is still very concerned about Zhao Hai. Monks are still based on strength. If they lose their own practice because of doing these things, it is not worth it.

Uncle Qi hurriedly said: "No, the young master has been inspecting the various properties he manages these days and dealt with several managers. At the same time, he also made some adjustments to the properties, like what we handed over to the young master. The young master also made certain improvements in the several lingshu grass fields. He simply used wooden troughs to raise lingshu grass. The lingshu grass grew very well, and other properties were also improved. More or less adjustments have been made. What is certain is that the abandonment period of those industries has been greatly postponed, and the income has increased a lot. If the master continues to manage it like this, then in the next few decades , he doesn’t have to worry about his income at all.”

Zeng Yang was really stunned this time, and then he said to Uncle Qi: "Is this really the case? You also know about those rebels. They carried out destructive mining of those mines, and even some spiritual fields , have destroyed several properties, and their annual income, if converted into contribution points, is only about 50,000. Five people can contribute 250,000 points, but those industries have also been ruined by them. Now What about Zhao Ying's situation? When he looks at these industries, how much is his annual income? Can you give a rough estimate? "

Zeng Yang usually didn't pay much attention to these things. He had asked someone to estimate Jiang Yuliu's annual income because he wanted to check on Jiang Yuliu and the others. It was precisely because of checking those incomes that he So angry, with an income of 50,000 contribution points a year, this is definitely the top group among the true disciples of Qingyang Sect. Even some core disciples may not have such a large income, and The price is that almost all of those industries will be abolished, and the lifespan of those industries will be greatly shortened.

Although Zhao Hai has come up with so many ways now, in Zeng Yang's view, Zhao Hai's income is absolutely incomparable to Jiang Yuliu and the others. You must know that Jiang Yuliu and the others each earn 50,000 contribution points every year. Around five people contributed 250,000 yuan to him. This was the annual income of the top core disciples of Qingyang Sect, and it was absolutely impossible for Zhao Hai to achieve it.

Uncle Qi smiled bitterly and said: "Master, judging from the way the young master is doing now, his annual contribution income will probably reach about 200,000, and it will increase every year, because this is the first year of doing this. , so the income may be less. I am afraid that the annual income will not be too small in the future. I have calculated that after three years, the young master's annual income should not be less than 500,000 contribution points."

"What!" Zeng Yang shouted in surprise, half a million contribution points, that's half a million contribution points. Zeng Yang's current annual income from his own industry is only about 800,000 contribution points. , this also includes all the shares of the industries controlled by Zhao Hai that are turned over every year, and Zhao Hai's income after three years can actually reach 500,000, which is only 300,000 less than him, and this is still, not for those How is this possible when there is any disruption to the industry?

Zeng Yang looked at Uncle Qi and said: "Xiao Qi, don't lie to me. I know that mines in those industries are not included. Even the spiritual fields, several of them have been abandoned. How can he use them?" Such an industry has such a high income? Does he also want to destroy all the remaining spiritual fields?"

Uncle Qi smiled bitterly and said: "Master, how dare I lie to you? It's true. He did not abolish those properties. On the contrary, the spiritual fields that were abandoned have been improved. Well, the reason why the spiritual field is called the spiritual field is because the spiritual energy contained in the soil of the spiritual field is higher than that of other places. I heard that in order to save those spiritual fields, the young master directly crushed the spiritual stones and sprinkled them into When we arrived at the spiritual field, we planted spiritual beans on the spiritual field. Those spiritual beans absorbed all the spiritual energy of the spiritual stones in the spiritual field, so they grew very fast. After harvesting the spiritual beans, the spiritual bean plants, Just smash it directly, and when it reaches the spiritual field, the spiritual field has already recovered a lot. According to what the young master said, as long as you do this about five times, those spiritual fields can be restored to the same state as before, maybe even better, and they The harvested spirit beans can also be used to raise spirit beasts, which is another large amount of income. It was by calculating the spirit beasts raised by the young master and other income sources that I calculated his income. annual income now.”

Zeng Yang stood up and walked around in front of the desk. Then he turned to Uncle Qi and said, "That man, tell me, if his methods are promoted in all our industries, can they also be used?" Our income has increased?" Although Zeng Yang has a lot of income every year, he still has to support a lot of people, and when his strength reaches his level, more materials are needed for training, and the annual expenses are a lot, so He also wanted to increase his income, so he asked this question.

Uncle Qi nodded and said, "Yes, Master, I was just about to tell you about this. I investigated all the properties under the Young Master's control and found that the method he used is completely acceptable in other places." If we really promote it according to his method, then our annual income will increase a lot, maybe even double or triple."

Zeng Yang stopped, then he took a long breath and said in a deep voice: "Two to three times? Doesn't that mean that I have an income of at least two million per year, or even more? Isn't it?" He is now He was still surprised by this matter. In Qingyang Sect, the contribution point income of two million a year was definitely an unimaginable figure, so he was so surprised.

Uncle Qi nodded and said: "It is indeed the case, and this is the most conservative estimate. If we can really do what the young master did, our income may increase. We can earn three million every year." Maybe." With an income of three million a year, he is definitely the top one in the Qingyang Sect. When Uncle Qi first calculated this figure, he couldn't believe it.

Zeng Yang took a long breath, and then said: "Okay, that's great. I really didn't expect that just some small changes can have such an effect. This kid is really smart. Xiao Qi, go ahead Arrange it, try to improve it in some places first, and then see how it works."

Uncle Qi responded, and then said: "The young master has not given up on his practice. I heard that he has been practicing his giant ape method recently, but it seems that he has been practicing in secret, and not many people know about it. , those outer disciples who entered the sect with the young master before have all become the young master’s subordinates. After checking, the old slave found that their loyalty is now very high, and the young master also allowed them to become The inspectors of his property, I heard that with them here, the young master’s properties seem to have never had any problems, and the young master will give everyone 10% of the income as their reward every year.”

Zeng Yang sighed, and then said in a deep voice: "Compared to Zhao Ying, those rebels before were just idiots. They risked their own futures just for a little contribution, and I dare to Guaranteed, their lives may be involved. They are really stupid. By the way, have you found out why they all suddenly ran to the Qianyuan Sect, while the people who did Wanzong, Are you willing to take them in again?"

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.