c7969 Wu family

As soon as Uncle Qi heard Zeng Yang's question, he immediately said in a deep voice: "We already have some clues. I heard that Jiang Yuliu and the others had cooperated with the Wu family several times before, and later they had more contact. Apart from this , nothing else was found, and it is precisely because they have been in contact with the Wu family that they are becoming more and more greedy, so I suspect that this matter may be related to the Wu family."

When Zeng Yang heard what Uncle Qi said, he couldn't help but glared sharply, and then said in a deep voice: "The Wu family, it's the Wu family again. It seems that there is really something wrong with this Wu family. What's going on with the Wu family recently?" The family is also a family in the Qingyang Sect, and it is still an old family. However, the Wu family and Zeng Yang have always been at odds with each other. The two sides are fighting openly and secretly. Speaking of which, Zhao Hai can get into Zeng Yang's eyes and has a secret and inseparable relationship with the Wu family. , so when Zeng Yang heard that Jiang Yuliu and the others' defection might have something to do with the Wu family, his face couldn't help but look very ugly.

Uncle Qi said in a deep voice: "I heard that every genius disciple of the Wu family, Wu Fatian, may be released from seclusion recently. I heard that he has reached a star-level strength. I am worried that after he comes out of seclusion, he will be detrimental to the young master, because No matter from which aspect, the young master is the opponent he must get rid of."

Zeng Yang was stunned for a moment, then said in a deep voice: "After three years of seclusion, he became a star as soon as he came out. This Wu Fatian is really a talent. If we let him grow up, I'm afraid we won't be able to suppress the Wu family. , Although the Wu family has a lot of foundation now, there is no master who can take advantage of it. If Wu Fatian grows up, then this shortcoming of the Wu family will disappear. "

Uncle Qi nodded and said: "The Wu family has been very active recently. Master, do we need to suppress them?" Uncle Qi still knows the old rival of the Wu family very well. The most powerful person in the Wu family now is A star-level elder, and now there is a star-level disciple in their family. Coupled with the Wu family's background, if their family is really allowed to develop like this, the consequences will be really unimaginable. As the Wu family's sworn enemy, They must prepare early.

Zeng Yang snorted coldly and said: "It is necessary to deal with the Wu family, but what happened to those traitors this time has seriously damaged my vitality. Now someone is making a fuss about this matter. If I am here Entering the hospital to deal with the Wu family will give those people an excuse, so this matter still needs to wait. By the way, wake up Zhao Xing and tell him to be careful and not to be hurt by the Wu family. arrive."

Uncle Qi responded, and Zeng Yang waved his hand. Uncle Qi immediately went to prepare. He knew that this matter must be told to Zhao Hai as soon as possible, otherwise, there might really be problems. If Zhao Hai didn't If you don't have any precautions, it will be really dangerous if you are plotted against by the Wu family.

Zhao Hai is still staying at the Xuantie Mine at this time. He has now regarded this place as his training place. Not only him, but Lin Cang and the others are also here, because the manor here is very large, and they They can practice here safely, so they all stay here.

Lin Cang and the others are now completely convinced by Zhao Hai. They never thought that the slag that others looked down upon would turn into a treasure in Zhao Hai's hands and would be of such great use. This is something they never expected. Although they still don't know how much income Zhao Hai has from all his industries, they can be sure that it will be no less, and they are relieved.

So Zhao Hai is practicing here in Xuantie Mine, and they are also practicing here. Not only can they practice by themselves, but they can also ask Zhao Hai for advice from time to time. This makes their strength improve very quickly. They are also more loyal. If someone comes to bribe them now, it is absolutely impossible to succeed.

Zhao Hai is not practicing at the moment. He is checking out the golden-edged mushrooms. At the same time, he also takes a look at some metallic monsters raised on the mountain, a kind of monster called the golden horned cow. This kind of golden horned cow is a kind of monster. A very big monster, it eats a lot and is big. It has a pair of long golden horns on its head, and it looks very powerful.

But this kind of monster has now been subdued by the Qingyang Sect, so they are now very honest. This kind of golden horned bull is also the main provider of metallic spiritual ink in the Qingyang Sect, and is also the easiest to be A kind of metallic demon beast raised. Other metallic demon beasts have very strong attack power. Only this kind of golden horned cow is not so aggressive, and it is very easy to tell whether they are Suitable for making spiritual ink mainly depends on their horns. As long as their horns are still golden, then the blood of this golden-horned cow is suitable for making spiritual ink. If their horns are not golden, then that is It is no longer suitable, it is very simple, so now Zhao Hai and the others raise a lot of golden horn cattle here.

Now the second batch of golden mushrooms can be collected, and the quantity of this batch of golden mushrooms will be much larger than that of the first batch. The first batch is just for testing to find the most suitable ratio, and the second batch will be ready. It is truly mass-produced, so this is a lot more than golden-edged mushrooms. This is why Zhao Hai wants to raise golden-horned cattle. Raising golden-horned cattle and providing spiritual ink to the sect is much better than providing it directly to the sect. Enoki mushrooms are too powerful, so he is not going to provide too many Enoki mushrooms to the sect.

Just when Zhao Hai was watching the growth of those golden-edged mushrooms, he suddenly felt a teleportation circle shake. He immediately took out the teleportation circle and found that there was a jade slip placed on the teleportation circle. , he picked up the jade slip, looked at it carefully, and then put away the jade slip.

Then he looked at the golden mushrooms for a while, said a few words to the steward and Xu Yuan standing next to him, and then returned to the manor. After arriving at the manor and returning to his room, Zhao Hai took out the piece of mushroom at once. After carefully looking at the contents of the jade slip, he put the jade slip away. Then he took out another teleportation array, wrote a jade slip, and placed the jade slip on the teleportation array. The teleportation array was activated and the jade slips were teleported over.

Zhao Hai gave this jade slip to Wu Yang. He wanted Wu Yang to check the situation of the Wu family, focusing on the relationship between the Wu family and the Qianyuan Sect, because the jade slip he just received was the Uncle Qi gave it to him. In the jade slip, Uncle Qi talked about the affairs of the Wu family in great detail. He also talked about the affairs of Wu Fatian, telling Zhao Hai to be careful.

After Zhao Hai saw the jade slip, he immediately decided that he must be dealing with the Wu family. There is a force like the Wu family that has been dealing with him behind his back. It is absolutely impossible, so the Wu family must be removed, otherwise he will They will not feel at ease, but how to deal with the Wu family is also a problem. The Wu family's background is indeed very heavy. Their family has a small hilltop, and that hilltop belongs to the Wu family. Without the permission of the Wu family, no one can You can enter there, and from this point you can see how profound the Wu family's heritage is.

Although there are no top experts in the Wu family now, a lean camel is bigger than a horse. To deal with the Wu family, you still have to be careful. Otherwise, if you don't kill a snake, you will be injured by the snake instead. So you have to deal with the Wu family. Home, you must kill it with one blow, otherwise don't take action in the first place.

Zhao Hai is not going to tell Lin Cang and the others about this matter, because there is no need. Lin Cang and the others are actually not very strong. There are only a few people who have reached the Jiugong level. The average person is all the third talent level. There is no way to fight against the Wu family with such strength, so telling them is of no use at all.

Zhao Hai asked Wu Yang and the others to check the Wu family first, and then think of ways to deal with the Wu family. If you want to deal with the Wu family, you must first understand the Wu family, so there is no problem in letting Wu Yang and the others check the Wu family. When talking about the genius of the Wu family, his name was Wu Fatian, Zhao Hai didn't take it to heart. If that guy dared to come to him, he would definitely kill him. Anyway, now he is the enemy of the Wu family. , then don’t be polite to the Wu family.

Zhao Hai is actually more curious now. Why did Jiang Yuliu and the others come into contact with the Wu family before? You must know that the Wu family and Zeng Yang are sworn enemies. They know this, but they still want to contact the Wu family? Why is this? If he can't figure it out, he won't think about it. He'll wait until Wu Yang's investigation results are sent to him.

Zhao Hai thinks it will take some time for Wu Yang and others to investigate the Wu family. In any case, the Wu family is also a big family in Qingyang Sect. It is not that easy to investigate the Wu family. If they are If the Wu family finds out, it will be even more troublesome, so Zhao Hai is not in a hurry at all. Wu Yang can give him the news about the Wu family anytime.

But what surprised Zhao Hai was that in less than an hour, Wu Yang found a jade slip for him. This made Zhao Hai slightly stunned. Then he took out the jade slip and took a look, but he was a little surprised. Because the records of the Wu family in the jade slips are very detailed, from how much power the Wu family has now, to how many industries the Wu family has now, where each core member of the Wu family is, and all the contents, etc., are in the jade slips. Everything is written clearly.

What surprised Zhao Hai was that there was actually content about the Wu family and the Qianyuan Sect. It turned out that the current head of the Wu family had an affair with a disciple of the Qianyuan Sect when he was young. They got to know each other and became good friends. Although there was hatred between the two sects, the friendship between them seemed to be good. However, as the relationship between the two sects became more tense, their relationship was severed. This matter happened to Qingyang Sect. Many people here know it, and no one would suspect that the Wu family would betray the Qingyang Sect because of this, so no one would make an issue out of it.

But Zhao Hai found this matter strange. Jiang Yuliu and the others contacted the Wu family and then went to the Qianyuan Sect. The Wu family was related to the Qianyuan Sect. There was no connection between the two incidents. He really didn't believe in any connection. Maybe this was the key to cleaning up the Wu family.

But if you want to deal with the Wu family, you must ask Zeng Yang, so that you can have a way out. If it doesn't work, with Zeng Yang protecting you, there will be no problem. Although the Wu family is here in Qingyang Sect The old family, but Zeng Yang is not weak now, and he has a strong master, so with Zeng Yang supporting him, even if he makes any mistakes, there will be no problem.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.