c7973 hidden grid

The reason why those things may be the Wu family's last resort is because as long as the Wu family cooperates with the Qianyuan Sect, they will worry that one day they will be discovered by the Qingyang Sect. If they find out, they must leave the Qingyang Sect. Of course, the Qingyang Sect will never let them go. When the time comes, they will need someone who can protect them. If they don't have any evidence in their hands, the Qianyuan Sect will never let them go. If they don't want to confront the Qingyang Sect because of them, then they can push them out and not admit it at all. They will be finished by then, so for the sake of the family, they must also keep some Evidence of cooperation with the Qianyuan Sect, thus proving that they are indeed related to the Qianyuan Sect. The Qianyuan Sect will have to protect them by then. If the Qianyuan Sect does not do this, then there will be no one to help them in the future. Yuan Zong did something, so the Wu family must have evidence.

There was nothing to say that night. No one in the Wu family paid much attention to the young master who usually didn't get much attention. Now that the entire family was busy with the family meeting, naturally no one paid much attention to Wu. Zhao Hai stayed in Wu Chen's room all night. When he got up the next morning, he tidied up, then dressed up as Wu Chen, and then waited for time until Mao hour. After six moments, he stood up and walked out of the room.

When he walks, he seems to be very careful. He usually walks against the wall and keeps his head down. But when he meets someone, he will occasionally look up to see who he is meeting, if it is a servant. , he walked over without any reaction. If he was from the Wu family, he would salute and say hello in a low voice.

People in the Wu family are all used to his appearance, and no one will feel that there is anything wrong, because Wu Chen has always been like this. Wu Chen is now a transparent person in the Wu family, and he will not do anything at all. Someone paid attention to him, and Zhao Hai saw these information from the information given to him by Wu Yang.

Zhao Hai walked forward carefully. He did not take the main road, but took some small roads because there were few people on the small roads. These were also some roads Wu Chen often took. When he arrived at the Sutra Pavilion, At that time, I discovered that the door to the Sutra Collection Pavilion was still open. In fact, the Wu family's Sutra Collection Pavilion had always been closed. Few disciples came. It was only open at certain fixed times every year.

Zhao Hai walked to the Scripture Collection Pavilion, then took out the jade tablet that could enter the Scripture Collection Pavilion, and placed it on the door of the Scripture Collection Pavilion. Countless runes flashed on the door of the Scripture Collection Pavilion, and then those talismans Wen flashed slightly and disappeared. Zhao Hai then pushed open the door of the Sutra Pavilion and entered the Sutra Pavilion.

As soon as he entered the Scripture Depository Pavilion, Zhao Hai immediately discovered that there was someone here. A very powerful aura enveloped the Scripture Depository Pavilion. It disappeared in just a flash, but Zhao Hai could feel it. , Zhao Hai can betray through this person's aura, and that person's strength has at least reached the Earthly Demon level.

It stands to reason that Tiangang is stronger than Disha, but in fact this is not the case. Tiangang is thirty-six and Disha is seventy-two. In terms of cultivation, the Tiangang level and the Disha level represent the blessings of your Dharma. The number of magic formations, that is to say, the Tiangang-level monks have added thirty-six magic formations to their own magic formations, while the Disha-level monks have added seventy-two magic formations, so in terms of cultivation, the Disha-level monks have It is stronger than Tiangang level.

Zhao Hai's current strength is Tiangang level, which has not yet reached the Earth Sha level, but it is already very impressive. The Earth Sha level, in a sect, is enough to be an elder in charge, although he cannot open his own pulse and teach disciple, but he can already teach his disciples.

Zhao Hai felt that there was an earthly evil elder in the Scripture Depository Pavilion, and the location of this elder was on the top floor of the Scripture Depository Pavilion. Zhao Hai seemed to have no feeling, and he slowly walked to the Scripture Depository Pavilion. From a small room in the room, he took out some cleaning tools. These tools were very ordinary. They were nothing more than brooms and a whisk. Zhao Hai first took the broom and swept the ground, and then I picked up the Buddha dust and swept away all the dust on the bookshelf.

In fact, there is no dust at all on the bookshelves here, because the broom and whisk can be said to be magical tools, specially used for cleaning. As long as they are swept from the ground or the bookshelf, they will All the dust tips are sucked away, so the Sutra Pavilion is actually very clean and there is no need to clean it every day. However, in order to show that they attach great importance to the Sutra Pavilion, the Wu family will send people to clean it every day. This gave Zhao Hai a chance.

Zhao Hai was doing his work conscientiously. He never spoke, and his movements were not very fast. He was doing the things in his hands slowly, as if his first move was very careful, and This scripture collection pavilion is actually like a large library. It is full of rows of bookshelves. On the bookshelves, there are pieces of jade slips. In front of those jade slips, there are also jade slips. The introduction of the exercises recorded in the slip allows people to know at a glance what kind of exercises are recorded in this jade slip.

The Sutra Collection Pavilion of the Wu family has a total of four floors. Zhao Hai cleaned each floor one by one until he reached the fourth floor. The fourth floor had the least bookshelves, only five bookshelves, and the jade shelves on the bookshelves were also very large. It's only a few dozen yuan. On the fourth floor, half of the space is just a room. Zhao Hai knows that the master of the Wu family who guards the Sutra Pavilion is in that room.

But he didn't pay attention to that room at all, but carefully swept the floor. Just when Zhao Hai kept sweeping the edge of the room, he stopped, and then started to clean the bookshelves with a whisk. When he finished the bookshelves, After cleaning everything, he walked to the door of the room and opened the door directly.

When Zhao Hai entered the room, he saw an old man with white hair and beard, sitting on a futon in the room, staring at Zhao Hai, but Zhao Hai seemed not to see him. , but looked at the room. This room was very simple. The whole room was empty, except for a futon in the middle of the room, which looked empty.

Zhao Hai finally set his sights on the old man. He did not say anything, but walked up to the old man and pointed at the old man with one finger. Then he moved his finger, and a ball of black energy was sucked from the old man's body. It came out and printed it on the old man's waist badge. Then he took out the old man's waist badge, put it on the ground, and then put the old man's body away, so that others would think that the old man was still alive and still there. in this room.

Zhao Hai then walked to the window of the room. The window was closed, and there was window paper on the window. Zhao Hai took a look outside, and then he could naturally see that the window faced the owner of the house. In the direction of the courtyard, the main courtyard is still very busy now, with people coming in and out from time to time, but Zhao Hai believes that it will not be so busy soon, because today is the day when the Wu family will hold a family meeting. Soon there won't be many people in the main courtyard. Everyone will go to the front living room, even women and children. They will create a harmonious and warm appearance like a big family.

Zhao Hai was waiting for that time, but he didn't wait any longer. Before the hour passed, there was no one in the courtyard. Zhao Hai had been paying attention to the situation in the courtyard, and he found that everyone in the courtyard was leaving. After that, a layer of runes rose up in the courtyard, protecting the entire courtyard.

Zhao Hai didn't pay attention. After two seconds, he opened the window of the Sutra Pavilion and jumped directly to the courtyard. In the eyes of others, he might be looking for death, but Zhao Hai fell directly into the courtyard, and the runes above the courtyard did not react to him in any way.

After entering the courtyard, Zhao Hai felt it and confirmed that there was indeed no one in the courtyard. Then he walked to a room in the courtyard, which was the master's study. When he entered the master's study, After that, I took a look at the study room. This study room is not very big. In each study room, there are two bookshelves, two ancient bookshelves, a bookcase, and three chairs, one inside the bookcase and two outside the bookcase. There are pens, inks, paper and inkstones, pen washes, pen holders, paperweights and other practical items on the desk. On the bookshelf behind the chair, there are some jade slips, which look very ordinary.

Zhao Hai walked directly to the desk, took a look at the things on the desk, and finally his eyes fell on the pen stand with the plum branch pattern carved on it. There were four pens hanging on the pen stand. These four pens were all calligraphy brushes, but But it was not an ordinary brush, it was a brush used to draw talismans. Zhao Hai stretched out his hand and changed the position of the first pen and the third pen. As he moved, he saw the bookshelf behind him suddenly cracked in the middle. It opened, revealing a secret room.

Zhao Hai looked at the secret room and then at the ground. Finally, he picked up a hair from the ground and held the hair in his hand. Then he entered the secret room. After entering After entering the secret room, he found that the secret room was not very big, only more than 20 square meters. The inside was similar to the room outside. There were also four bookshelves, bookcases, and chairs, but there was only one chair, but Zhao Hai But he didn't rush to the bookcase, but took a look at the ground. The ground here looked very smooth, as if it was paved with stones. However, he took two steps to the side first, and then took one step forward. , then took a step to the left, then took a step forward, then took a step to the right, then jumped again, and finally took two steps towards the book case, and then arrived in front of the book case.

The book desk looked very ordinary, with nothing on it. There were also pens, inks, paper and inkstones on it. Zhao Hai looked at the book desk, then directly picked up the fourth pen on the pen holder, and put the pen on it. In the inkstone, he didn't pick it up. After a while, he heard a sound from the bookcase, and then the bookcase cracked from it, revealing a hidden compartment inside. This hidden compartment was not very big, but there was something inside. There were a few jade slips and a few letters. In addition to these, there was also a small brocade box.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.