c7975 anger

Zhao Hai quickly said: "Master, these things are definitely not fake. Even if I am very brave, I would not dare to deceive you with fake things. These things were all obtained from the secret room of the head of the Wu family." Yes, the Wu family may not know about this now, but if they find out about it, I'm afraid they will run away."

Zhao Hai knew very well why Zeng Yang said this, because in the world of cultivation, there are many broken hands, and you can tell who the person is by just passing a hair. Even some people in the Demon Sect can tell through A single hair can cause a person to die miserably by using a spell on a person. Therefore, monks cherish their hair, blood, or other parts of the body very much. Even their birth date, They won't let people know easily.

It is precisely because of this that Zeng Yang asked Zhao Hai like this. If the hair Zhao Hai got was not from Wu Zhen and Yuan Zhen, but was faked, then as long as an expert checks it, he will be found out immediately. It is found that this is a fake. At that time, it is probably not the Wu family but Zhao Hai who will be punished.

Zeng Yang's face was very solemn, and he said in a deep voice: "This matter is not a trivial matter. Just let me go. We will go see the master. This matter can only be solved by his intervention. Let's go." After that, he walked directly to Zhao Hai's side, and then the white light flashed on his body, and the two of them disappeared directly.

The next moment, the two of them appeared in front of the cave on the top of the mountain. As soon as they appeared in front of the cave, an old man walked out of the cave. As soon as he saw the old man, Zeng Yang immediately saluted him. He said: "I have met Mr. Bao. Please report it to Mr. Bao. I would like to ask to see the Master."

Master Bao glanced at Zeng Yang, and finally his eyes fell on Zhao Hai. Although there was no spiritual energy fluctuation on his body, those eyes seemed to be like two swords, sweeping across Zhao Hai's body, as if he was As if he could see through Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai bent down and stood there respectfully.

Master Bao just looked at Zhao Hai, then looked at Zeng Yang, and said in a deep voice: "What's the matter? The master is in retreat. At this time, if there is nothing serious, it's better not to disturb him. Okay." Master Bao has the power to prevent Zeng Yang from meeting Qingfengzi, because Master Bao is Qingfengzi's biggest confidant.

Zeng Yang immediately said: "In reply to Master Bao, this matter is very important, and it can even be said to affect the entire sect, so I have to come to see the master and ask Master Bao to inform you." Zeng Yang is indeed I feel that this matter is very important. If a family like the Wu family, which is committed to the Qianyuan Sect, is allowed to exist in the Qingyang Sect, it will definitely not be a good thing for the Qingyang Sect, so the Wu family must resolve it as soon as possible. .

When Master Bao heard what Zeng Yang said, he didn't say anything. He just nodded to Zeng Yang and said, "Okay, I'll report it right away. Please wait a moment, young master." After that, he walked into the cave. , not long after, he walked out of the cave and said to Zeng Yang: "The master lets you go in." After saying that, he glanced at Zhao Hai, but did not speak.

Zeng Yang responded, then turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Zhao Ying, wait here first. By the way, this is Master Bao. You can call me Master Bao." Zhao Hai responded and walked towards Master Bao. After a salute, he called Master Bao, and Master Bao just nodded, and then Zeng Yang entered the cave.

In the cave, Qingfengzi still sat there with his eyes closed, as if he had never moved, until Zeng Yang came in, saluted him, and said to him: "Meet the Master." He didn't even move once he entered. He moved without opening his eyes, but he said, "What's the matter?"

Zeng Yang immediately said: "Master, I have recently obtained evidence that the Wu family colluded with the Qianyuan Sect. I also know why Jiang Yuliu and the others defected to the Qianyuan Sect. All the evidence is here, please master." Please take a look." After saying that, he took out all the jade slips and letters, including the jade box containing the hair.

When Qing Fengzi heard what Zeng Yang said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then he waved, and the jade slips and letters fell into his hands, as well as the jade box. He also looked at the jade slips first, but after reading them, His face was expressionless, and then he glanced at the letters again, and finally opened the jade box. During the whole process, he did not open his eyes, but he seemed to see everything in his eyes.

When he finally saw the tied hair, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then said, "Are these things true?" Qingfengzi knew that Zeng Yang had a grudge against the Wu family, but in a fight like this, he actually He doesn't take it to heart. Zeng Yang is not the only disciple of his. In fact, he has always had many talents in the Qingfeng lineage. It can be said that he is very powerful, and people with such strength have reached his level. For some of the following battles , and he really didn’t take it to heart.

Zeng Yang quickly said: "It's true, but the hair-haired disciple hasn't been able to confirm it yet, so I don't know if it's true." Zeng Yang finally chose to believe in Zhao Hai. He believed that Zhao Hai would not lie to him, because Zhao Hai There is no benefit in lying to him about this matter.

Qingfengzi nodded, and then he took off two strands of hair from the ground and held them in each hand. Then he muttered words, and finally he shouted: "Now!" Following him With a sound, two hairs in his hands suddenly burst into bursts of white light. Then two people appeared on the white light. One was Wu Chen, and the other was a man wearing Qianyuan. A woman in Zong clothes. Although this woman is middle-aged, she is very beautiful and has an extraordinary temperament.

One of the two people appeared, and slowly flew towards the other. Finally they merged together and disappeared, leaving only two hairs tied together, which slowly fell from the air. When Yang Yi saw this situation, he couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief, because he knew the woman wearing Qianyuan Sect clothes, she was Yuan Zhen, the elder of Qian Yuan Sect, and this Yuan Zhen also had another identity, that is The daughter of a supreme elder of the Qianyuan Sect.

Qingfengzi obviously saw this situation. He couldn't help but snorted coldly, and then said in a deep voice: "This is really happening. What a good Wu family. That's all. You don't need to worry about this matter. You can go back." Zeng Although Yang wanted Qingfengzi to deal with the Wu family immediately, he also knew that Qingfengzi would not be influenced by him. If he asked him to leave, it would be best for him to leave. If he dared to say anything more, it would only cause trouble. Qingfengzi was not quick, so he responded immediately, then turned and left.

After Zeng Yang left, Qingfengzi's figure disappeared directly into the cave. At this time, Zeng Yang led Zhao Hai back to the Xuanfu Cave. After arriving at the Xuanfu Cave, Zeng Yang told Zhao Hai He said: "Master said he would handle this matter, but I don't know how he will handle it, so you'd better not leave Qingyang Sect recently."

Zhao Hai responded with a greeting, and then said: "Master, I am worried that there may be danger outside, so can you call Lin Cang and the others back?" Although Zhao Hai did not know whether there would be danger outside, but at this time, let There is absolutely no problem for Lin Cang and the others to come back. In fact, Lin Cang and the others are not locked out. They can come back at any time. However, because this time things are special, the sect may deal with the Wu family, so he must You have to ask Zeng Yang.

When Zeng Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned for a moment, and then he couldn't help but nodded, and said in a deep voice: "You know how to care about people, go ahead and call them back. Although there may not be any danger, but still It's better to be on guard and go back." Zhao Hai responded, saluted Zeng Yang, then turned and left.

After he returned to Qingyangzong's own courtyard, he immediately wrote to Lin Cang and the others, asking them to come back immediately. Lin Cang and the others had been waiting for news from Zhao Hai. As soon as they received the news from Zhao Hai, they immediately After returning to Qingyang Sect, Zhao Hai immediately asked them to rest and told them not to leave Qingyang Sect these days.

Although Lin Cang and the others didn't know what happened, they didn't ask any questions and went directly back to where they lived. They believed that something must have happened. Otherwise, Zhao Hai would never do this. Although They were worried, but they didn't mean to blame Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai was quietly waiting to disappear, but at this time, Zeng Yang was sitting in his study, with Uncle Qi standing next to him. Zeng Yang looked very relaxed now, because he was too He got to know his master. His master was a very arrogant person, and he had very deep feelings for Qingyang Sect. The most important thing is that Qingfengzi hated traitors the most, not to mention that this time he did Yuan Zong's people had tricked him, so of course he would not let the Wu family go.

When he saw that the woman the Wu family loved was Yuan Zhen, Zeng Yang already knew what was going on. Wu Zhen fell in love with Yuan Zhen, and he and Yuan Zhen had children. Yuan Zhen was in the Qianyuan Sect. Wu Zhen's status seems to be higher, and her father is the supreme elder of the Qianyuan Sect, so Wu Zhen could actually join the Qianyuan Sect, but he did not do that and returned to the Qingyang Sect. , he returned to the Qingyang Sect not because he was loyal to the Qingyang Sect, but because he wanted to be a traitor to the Qianyuan Sect. Anyway, when necessary, they could still escape to the Qianyuan Sect, and he was not afraid, and as long as they He got some secrets of Qingyang Sect and told Qianyuan Sect. He would have a higher status when he got to Qianyuan Sect.

The last time for Jiang Yuliu and the others was just one of their actions. They should have other actions. The most important thing is that the last time Jiang Yuliu and the others rebelled against the Qingyang Sect and were killed by a Supreme Elder of the Qianyuan Sect. Qingfengzi used some exchange of interests to calm down the matter, and the Supreme Elder of the Qianyuan Sect who made the exchange of interests with Qingfengzi was Yuan Zhen's father. It can be said that in this matter, the Qianyuan Sect The person really played a trick on Qing Fengzi and used a little profit to make Qingyang Sect lose face. The real insider of the Wu family has not yet been exposed. How could Qingfengzi not be angry after knowing the truth of the matter.