c7976 Yangfu lineage

Zeng Yang was sitting in his study room, holding a book in his hand, but on the table where he was, there was a portable teleportation array. Although Zeng Yang seemed to be reading, his mind was not on the book. His mind was now focused on the teleportation array on the table. .

Suddenly, the teleportation array on his desk flashed with light, and then a jade slip appeared on the teleportation array. Zeng Yang immediately put down the book, picked up the jade slip, and mentally explored the jade slip, and then a He put down the jade slip with a smile on his face, then turned to his seventh uncle and said: "Notify all registered disciples and outer disciples to be ready for battle, we have action."

Uncle Qi responded, but did not leave. Instead, he looked at Zeng Yang. Zeng Yang looked at Uncle Qi and couldn't help laughing and said: "Hahahaha, the Wu family is finished. Those evidences have been proven to be true. Wu It has been proven that our family colluded with the Qianyuan Sect and framed our disciples of the Qingyang Sect. This time the sect will take action against the entire Wu family, and the Wu family is finished."

When Uncle Qi heard what Zeng Yang said, he couldn't help but feel happy, and then he immediately said: "I will inform you immediately, Master, will the young master participate in the operation this time?" Uncle Qi felt that this time Zhao Haishen did not participate in the operation. Yes, after all, it can be said that Zhao Hai has the greatest contribution in moving the Wu family. Zhao Hai has no need to participate in this operation.

Zeng Yang said solemnly: "He must participate. Dealing with the Wu family requires a lot of people to participate. If he doesn't participate, it will only look out of place. That won't work. So he must participate, and when speaking to the outside world, , we can’t say that he has anything to do with this matter, so that he won’t be feared by others, you can inform him.”

Uncle Qi responded, then saluted Zeng Yang, then turned and left, going directly to inform everyone, and Zeng Yang also walked out of his small building at this time, this time He must participate in the action. He wants to watch the Wu family perish.

Zhao Hai soon received the notice from Uncle Qi. He was overjoyed and immediately walked out of his yard. He followed the other disciples to the outside of the courtyard of Xuanfu Cave and stood at the martial arts training ground. As soon as they arrived there, Zeng Yang had already arrived. Zeng Yang fell in front of everyone, and now the disciples of the Xuanfu lineage were also standing there according to their status. The one standing in the first row was Zhao Hai. People, those behind him are the registered disciples, Le Wenzhen is also among those people, and behind him are the outer disciples.

Zeng Yang glanced at them, and then said in a deep voice: "The Wu family colluded with the Qianyuan Sect to frame my disciples of the Qingyang Sect. The evidence is conclusive, so the sect wants to arrest the Wu family members, and you will be responsible for guarding the perimeter. , upon seeing the disciples of the Wu family, they were captured on the spot, and if they dared to resist, they were shot to death."

Everyone responded with a roar, and then Zeng Yang turned to Zhao Hai and said: "Zhao Ying, lead your people to guard fifty miles west of the Wu Family Mountain. Pay attention to the surroundings to prevent the Wu Family from having secret passages. If the Wu Family is discovered, Disciple, please stop being a guest and kill me on the spot." Zhao Hai responded, and then Zeng Yang gave orders to others, who also quickly obeyed.

After giving the order, Zeng Yang waved his hand and shouted: "Let's go." Everyone responded, and Zhao Hai directly led Lin Cang and the others to the location of their mission this time. In the process , Zhao Hai also saw many Qingyang Sect disciples, all rushing to the Wu family. It was obvious that the Qingyang Sect was really going to deal with the Wu family this time.

Zhao Hai took a look around and found that Qingyang Sect was here and the mountain protection array had been activated. It seemed that Qingyang Sect was serious this time. In the past, the two hostile sects bribed each other's disciples and obtained some information like this Things happen frequently, but it is very rare for a family to be bribed directly like this time.

It can be said that what the Qianyuan Sect did this time was indeed a bit excessive. The Qingyang Sect would not tolerate it this time, so they made such a big noise. It seems that the Qingyang Sect did not think about it this time. It was necessary for someone from the Wu family to walk out of the Qingyang Sect alive, but this is normal, and any sect would do this.

Zhao Hai and the others soon arrived at their mission location. When they arrived there, Zhao Hai found that there was already a group of people there. When the group of people saw Zhao Hai and the others, they were a little wary. Zhao Hai also looked at At a glance, those people discovered that one of the leaders was also a true disciple, and Zhao Hai also gave him a slight fist.

When the man saw Zhao Hai rushing to grab the punch, he was stunned and returned Zhao Hai's salute. Zhao Hai then said: "Zhao Ying, a true disciple of the Xuanfu lineage, has met his senior brother. I don't know that he is the disciple of that uncle. ?" Zhao Hai was still very polite to them. Although their Xuanfu lineage was very strong and they were from the Qingfeng lineage, he still didn't want to offend people easily.

As soon as the other party heard that Zhao Hai had received his name, he immediately smiled at Zhao Hai and said: "It turns out that I am a senior from the Xuanfu lineage. We are from the Yangfu lineage. I am the true disciple of the Yangfu lineage, Yang Ming." The man looked about twenty-seven or eight years old, and he was very handsome, but the expression on his face was very fake. Although he was smiling, Zhao Hai felt that his smile was just an expression and was completely fake. It's an emotion, not a mood. It's like an expression that has been practiced countless times.

As soon as Zhao Hai heard that the other party was from the Yang Fu lineage, he knew that what happened this time was not that simple. He also knew about this person from the Yang Fu lineage. People from the Yang Fu lineage were very similar to the Wu family. There is also some relationship. A member of the Wu family worshiped the Yinfu lineage before, and later became a master. Although that person has now passed away, the relationship between the Wu family and the Yangfu lineage is , has always been very good, it can be said that the Yangfu lineage is the backer of the Wu family.

The Yangfu lineage does not have a very good relationship with Zeng Yang and the others. Although the Yangfu lineage does not have an elder-level master in charge now, their strength is really good, so there has been no dispute between the two sides. It's too much of a conflict, but at this time, disciples from the Yangfu lineage also came here, so things would be a little difficult to handle.

When he thought of this, Zhao Hai's heart couldn't help but tighten. Then he glanced at Yang Ming, smiled slightly and said: "It turns out to be Senior Brother Yang Ming. I have admired your name for a long time. It is my great honor to be able to meet Senior Brother here today. If you have the opportunity in the future, you must get closer to your senior brother."

Although he said this, Zhao Hai's body did not move. The Yangming looked at Zhao Hai and just lost a haha. He smiled and said: "It's easy to say, easy to say. I heard that you have just joined Xuan Fu One My pulse doesn’t last long, so if I have a chance in the future, I’ll have to have a good discussion with my junior brother.”

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Definitely, definitely. I hope senior brother can give me some advice when the time comes." After saying that, he clasped his fist at Yang Ming and slowly took two steps back. When Yang Ming saw Zhao Hai's appearance, he Knowing that Zhao Hai didn't want to talk to him anymore, he didn't say anything. Instead, he cupped his fists at Zhao Hai, then turned around and took two steps back.

After Zhao Hai took two steps back, he immediately said to Lin Cang and the others: "Stop me and keep an eye on these guys. I have to report this matter to Master." Lin Cang and the others were stunned, but they all responded. , and then they went straight up, surrounding Zhao Hai in the middle, but Zhao Hai immediately took out the teleportation array, wrote a piece of jade slip directly, put the jade slip on the teleportation array, and then placed it on the teleportation array. When I met Yang Ming here, I told Zeng Yang directly.

Zeng Yang was standing behind Qingfengzi at this time. He also felt that he had received the jade slip. He immediately took out the jade slip and took a closer look. Then his face changed slightly, and then he stepped forward a few times. Stepping forward, he came behind Qingfengzi and whispered to Qingfengzi: "Master, when my disciples were on guard about fifty miles west of Wujia Mountain, they found people from the Yangfu lineage, and there were also people from the Yangfu lineage. There, he arrived before my disciples."

When Qingfengzi heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then his expression couldn't help but change. He said in a deep voice: "Yangfu lineage? This time the sect didn't seem to let them take action? Give your disciples an order and let them Those people from the Yang Fu lineage will leave immediately. If they dare not leave, don’t blame me for being rude.”

Zeng Yang responded immediately, and then directly replied to Zhao Hai. After receiving Zeng Yang's letter, Zhao Hai glanced at the content of the letter, his face sank slightly, and then he turned his head and took a look. Those people from the Yang Fu lineage had a sneer on their faces. He was sure that these people from the Yang Fu lineage must have had bad intentions when they came here. Maybe they were planning to let the Wu family members live. .

But based on the relationship between the Yangfu lineage and the Wu family, they shouldn't have done this at this time, but they did it. It can be seen that their relationship with the Wu family is definitely extraordinary. It seems that this time Even if they clean up the Wu family, they have completely offended the people of Yang Fu's lineage.

But now Zhao Hai also knew that it was not time to think about these things. He coughed lightly, then separated from everyone, walked out, and led everyone to the people of the Yangfu lineage. When they moved here, the Yangfu lineage There was a slight commotion among those people, and then Yang Ming walked out immediately. He looked at Zhao Hai, smiled slightly and said: "Junior Brother Zhao Ying, I don't know, but do you have any advice?"

Zhao Hai looked at his appearance, smiled slightly and said: "According to the order of Patriarch Qingfeng, the sect did not allow the Yangfu lineage to participate in this operation. Please withdraw from the Yangfu lineage immediately, otherwise, you will bear the consequences." Although Zhao Hai said this with a smile, the threat in his words was too obvious.

When Yang Ming heard what Zhao Hai said, his expression couldn't help but change. Then he looked at Zhao Hai, with a very fake smile appearing on his face for the first time, and then said: "Junior Brother Zhao Ying, I'm afraid you are just saying this. Is that your share? We are also from the Qingyang Sect, and we also want to do our part for the Qingyang Sect, so what? Doesn’t Junior Brother Zhao Ying even give us this opportunity? "

Zhao Hai looked at Yang Ming, the smile on his face did not change, and then said: "According to the order of Grandmaster Qingfeng, the Yang Fu lineage will withdraw immediately, otherwise, you will be responsible for the consequences!" This time his tone was colder. Three points.