c7974 the truth

Zhao Hai glanced at the brocade box, but did not move it. Instead, he picked up the jade slips there. There were restrictions in the jade slips, but these restrictions were really too simple for Zhao Hai. Hai had no problem opening those restrictions without disturbing others. He looked at each jade slip one by one, and the more he looked at it, the more surprised he became. He really didn't expect that the Wu family and the The cooperation between the Qianyuan Sect was so deep. If he could pass these letters, he already knew why Jiang Yuliu and the others fled to the Qianyuan Sect. They were completely plotted by the Wu family.

The Wu family first sent people to lure Jiang Yuliu and the others, and purchased some materials produced in the industries they managed from Jiang Yuliu and the others at high prices. Of course, Jiang Yuliu and the others also wanted to make more money, so they increased some production. In this way, the quantity increased, and finally Jiang Yuliu and the others sold more and more things from those industries. Finally, they found that they seemed to have sold too much.

But at this time, it was too late for them to regret, because the Wu family could already use this matter as a handle. In the end, Jiang Yuliu and the others had to increase the destruction of those industries and cooperate with the Wu family. They knew very well that if Zeng Yang knew about this situation, he would not let them go, but they did not retreat.

In the end, when they knew that Zeng Yang had discovered their actions, they had to follow the Wu family's statement and flee directly to the Qianyuan Sect and betray the Qingyang Sect. The reason why Jiang Yuliu and the others wanted to deal with Zhao Hai was entirely for In revenge, they didn't want Zhao Hai to become Zeng Yang's disciple, so they dealt with Zhao Hai.

These jade slips are the jade slips used by the Wu family and people of the Qingyang Sect. The jade slips almost tell the entire plan, how they set up a trap for Jiang Yuliu and the others, how to deal with Jiang Yuliu and the others, all the plans, Everything is written clearly and clearly.

Zhao Hai put down the jade slip. He still didn't understand why the Qianyuan Sect people believed in the Wu family so much. Aren't they afraid that the Wu family followed the Qingyang Sect's orders and set a trap for them? Thinking of this, Zhao Hai turned his eyes to those papers, which were all written on paper.

Zhao Hai glanced at the letters, and then opened the letters one by one. Those letters also contained restrictions, but Zhao Hai still opened the letters one by one. He looked at the contents of the letters carefully, but after reading After reading the contents of the letter, Zhao Hai was stunned because he did not expect that these letters turned out to be love letters.

Zhao Hai looked at the letters carefully. The letters were arranged by date. This letter was written by the Wu family to a woman named Yuan Zhen. They even mentioned the love words they said in the letter. My child, after reading the content of the letter, Zhao Hai finally understood why people from the Qianyuan Sect believed in the Wu family so much, because the wife of the head of the Wu family turned out to be a person from the Qianyuan Sect. Of course, everyone here The wife I'm talking about is not the current mistress of the Wu family, but the only woman and the only wife in the heart of the head of the Wu family.

Before combining it with what Zeng Yang said, Wu Zhen, the head of the Wu family, met a person from the Qianyuan Sect and became friends when he was training outside. He already understood that Wu Zhen was not related to him at all. People from the Qianyuan Sect did not become good friends, but they became husband and wife and had children. Therefore, although Wu Zhen is now in the Qingyang Sect, his heart has already flown to his wife and Qianyuan Sect. Yuan Zong.

Putting these letters away, I finally turned my attention to the brocade box. It was very obvious that the brocade box was just an ordinary brocade box, not a magic weapon. I broke the restrictions on it and took a look at the contents inside the brocade box. He found two strands of hair tied together in the brocade box. When he saw these two strands of hair, Zhao Hai couldn't help but shrink his eyes. The way these two strands of hair were tied was very special. Zhao Hai could tell, These two strands of hair are tied together according to the knot of the same destiny, and this knot is not so easy to tie. Only when two people who truly love each other are in danger, are seriously injured, and are in danger of life. , can tie this kind of knot. Once this kind of knot is tied, one person's injury can be resisted by two people. It can be said to be a way of sharing life.

Zhao Hai glanced at the hair and couldn't help but sigh. Then he picked up the strand of hair and put it away directly. Then he pointed at the brocade box, and there was something in the brocade box immediately. The same hair appeared, and it looked like the hair he had put away.

Then Zhao Hai collected all the letters and jade slips in the secret room again. Then with a wave of his hand, another letter and jade slips appeared in the secret room. They looked no different from the original letters and jade slips. And whether it is hair, letters or jade slips, they are all real. These were all forged by Zhao Hai using the universal manufacturing machine. They will disappear only if he uses magic to remove them. Otherwise, even if they are Master, when he sees these things, he will not think that he is fake.

After finishing all these things, Zhao Hai restored the desk to its original appearance in the same way as before, and returned the pen to its original position, then exited the secret room, and then restored the study room to its original state. As it was, he placed the hair he had picked up on the ground in the cracked position in the middle of the bookshelf before leaving the room.

Standing in front of the door of the room, he looked at the room carefully and found that there were no flaws. Zhao Hai left the room and then went directly to the yard. Then he moved and returned to the Sutra Pavilion. From the Tibetan Scripture Pavilion, Zhao Hai After leaving Jingge, he followed the path back to Wu Chen's yard, and then did not go out. However, he still carefully paid attention to the situation of the Wu family to see if anything would happen to the Wu family after the family meeting. Something different.

Fortunately, there was nothing different in the Wu family after the family meeting. At night, Zhao Hai sneaked out of the Wu family again, then withdrew from the Wu family's mountain and stayed in the wild for the whole night. Early in the morning, he went directly to a city through the Qingyang Sect's teleportation array, and then passed through that city and entered the city closest to the Xuantie Mine. From that city, he flew back to Xuantie There in the mine.

He waited outside the Xuantie Mine until dark before sneaking back to the Xuantie Mine. As soon as he entered the room, he saw Ning Yu standing there. When he saw him coming in, Ning Yu was stunned for a moment, and then He immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said, "Senior brother, you are back." Obviously, he still cares about Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai nodded, then waved his hand, and Ning Yu turned into himself. Zhao Hai then said to Ning Yu: "Ning Yu, you go and call Lin Cang and the others now. I have I have to tell you, go ahead." Ning Yu responded, then turned around to find Lin Cang and the others.

After a while, Lin Cang and the others arrived, and so did Ning Yu. Zhao Hai glanced at Lin Cang and the others, and then said in a deep voice: "I will go back to the sect tomorrow. You must also be prepared. As long as there is news, If it comes, you should leave here immediately and return to the sect, because by then, it may not be safe here."

Lin Cang and the others were all stunned, not quite understanding what Zhao Hai meant. Zhao Hai glanced at them and said solemnly: "Believe me, as soon as I receive my message, I will leave here immediately and return to the sect. Go." When everyone saw the solemn look on Zhao Hai's face, they immediately responded. Zhao Hai waved his hands and they all left.

After they left, Zhao Hai returned to his room. After a night's rest, he sat in the teleportation array early the next morning, returned to Qingyang Sect, entered the Xuanfu Cave, and came to In front of Zeng Yang's small building, as soon as he arrived in front of the small building, he saw Uncle Qi walking out of the small building.

When Uncle Qi saw Zhao Hai, he couldn't help being stunned. He had been paying attention to Zhao Hai these days and knew that Zhao Hai had not left the Xuantie Mine. He didn't know when Zhao Hai would take action against the Wu family. Looking at Zhao Hai He had been staying at the Xuantie Mine, thinking that Zhao Hai was not ready to take action now because he found the matter difficult to handle. He felt relieved. Now when he saw Zhao Hai coming, he was really stunned and a little confused. Look at Zhao Hai.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw Uncle Qi, he immediately saluted him and then said: "Uncle Qi, please inform me that I want to see the master." Uncle Qi nodded and led Zhao Hai Walking upstairs, outside the study room on the third floor, Uncle Qi asked Zhao Hai to wait there, and then he entered the study room. After a while, he saw him coming out again and invited Zhao Hai to enter the study room.

Zeng Yang was sitting in the study room reading. As soon as he saw Zhao Hai come in, he immediately put down the book and smiled at Zhao Hai: "Xiao Hai, why did you come to me? What if you came because of that matter? Yes, then you don’t have to be afraid of this, it doesn’t matter, the Wu family is not that easy to get into."

Zhao Hai said to Zeng Yang: "Master, I have found evidence that the Wu family colluded with the Qianyuan Sect, and also found evidence of how they framed Jiang Yuliu and the others. I believe that the sect must arrest Wu as soon as possible. The family must be removed, otherwise it will bring greater losses to the sect. Master, please see, this is the evidence that the disciple has obtained."

After saying that, Zhao Hai took out the jade slips, the letter, and a jade box. In the jade box, it was the hair tied together, but his words really made Zeng Yang stunned. He saw Looking at the jade slips and the letter, he looked up at Zhao Hai with some confusion and said, "These are the evidence?"

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, Master, these are the evidence. Master, you will know after reading it." Although Zeng Yang was a little confused, he still picked up the jade slip and looked at it. The more he looked at the jade slip, the more he looked at it. After reading the jade slips, his face was already livid. Then he glanced at the letters again, then picked up a letter and read it. After reading the contents of the letter, the expression on his face was very wonderful, as if he had seen something weird. Until he read all the letters, he finally opened the jade box and saw the contents in the jade box. His face couldn't help but change, and then he looked at Zhao Hai and said: "Are these all real? You have to know that if this hair is fake, it will be easily discovered by others. If you really If you lied, it's best to say it now, I won't blame you as a teacher."