c7972 Soul fixing bead

The sky has turned completely dark. Although the entire Wu Family Courtyard is very lively, the East Courtyard is obviously not as lively as the West Courtyard. The number of servants here is very small. Zhao Hai sneaked outside the east courtyard wall , took a careful look at the situation in the courtyard, Zhao Hai moved, fell directly into the courtyard, and then slowly sneaked towards Wu Chen's courtyard.

Fortunately, there were only a few people in the east courtyard. Now that the sky has darkened, not many people came out to walk around. Therefore, Zhao Hai's action went very smoothly. Soon Zhao Hai arrived outside Wu Chen's small courtyard. , Wu Chen lives in a small courtyard. This small courtyard is not big, and it was left to him by his parents. It can be said that he is a dispensable role in the Wu family. If it weren't for his surname Wu, I'm afraid it would be him. You don't even have to do the cleaning work.

Zhao Hai moved and landed in the small courtyard without making any sound. Then he felt it and found that there was indeed someone in the room. However, what surprised Zhao Hai was that the person's strength was not at the rank of sergeant. Instead, it has obviously reached the Xingxiu level, and is about to reach the Tiangang level, which surprised Zhao Hai.

However, Zhao Hai quickly took out a handful of Lingshu grass, and then raised it, the Lingshu grass flew directly into the room, and soon entered the person's body. Zhao Hai then entered directly. In the quiet room, there is a young man sitting in the quiet room. He is wearing the clothes of a Qingyang Sect disciple, but they are only the clothes of an outer disciple, and they look a little shabby, and his face is a little pale. He is sitting with his eyes closed. There.

Zhao Hai glanced at him, then sighed softly, then waved his hand and pointed a finger at the man. The man's body was shaken, and he died soon after. Zhao Hai's point was correct. On his fatal point, of course he was bound to die. Then Zhao Hai waved his hand, and a trace of soul power was pulled out from his body. Then Zhao Hai took out everything on his body, nothing more than two The katama card is just a space bag.

First, he took a look at the two jade tablets and found that one of them was the status jade tablet of a disciple of the Qingyang Sect, while the other jade tablet looked more complicated, with the words 'Wu' and 'Zangjing' written on it. The word "Pavilion" obviously means that this should be the jade sign for entering the Sutra Pavilion.

Zhao Hai moved his hand, divided the trace of soul power into two parts, and added it to the jade tablet, so that others would not find out that he was dead. Then Zhao Hai took a look at the space. Bag, when he opened the space bag and took a look, he was stunned because there were many jade slips in the space bag, which seemed to cost hundreds of dollars.

Zhao Hai took out a piece of jade slip and took a look at it. He found that it was actually a martial arts jade slip. He looked at a few more pieces and found that they were also martial arts jade slips. Zhao Hai immediately understood that this must be Wu Chen who hid the Wu family. All the techniques from Jingge have been copied. What does this kid want to do? Why should all the exercises in the Wu Family Sutra Pavilion be copied? Isn’t it true that he can’t practice?

Zhao Hai glanced at it with his mental power, and then discovered that among the jade slips, one jade slip was very different from the other jade slips. That jade slip was black, and he couldn't help but curiously took the jade slip. Jian took it out and looked into the jade slip with his mental strength. He felt a bang, as if something exploded in his head, and then he felt that he seemed to appear in the darkness. In the red world, the sky is black and the ground is red, just like blood.

At this time, a blood-red devil's head suddenly appeared from the black sky. The devil's eyes were glowing red and looked at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai felt huge pressure coming from all around at the same time. Then I heard a voice saying: "Submit to me, and you can get everything you want!"

Zhao Hai looked at the devil, suddenly smiled and said: "You dare to show your illusions in front of me, you really don't know whether to live or die." After saying that, Zhao Hai waved his hand and grabbed the devil in the sky. The devil looked like It was like a bubble, and it was scratched immediately. Then a scream came, and a black bead appeared in Zhao Hai's hand. There was a trace of blood in this bead, which looked very scary. .

Zhao Hai looked at the ball and sneered: "It's a small soul-fixing ball. It seems that you should be that person in the devil's way. After being killed, you used this method out of frustration to make yourself Seize the body, right? Do you like this kid? But unfortunately, he is dead now, so you should die too." After saying that, Zhao Hai pressed his hand hard, and the bead broke into pieces, and a piece of it appeared. The screams came, and the remaining soul was completely dead.

Zhao Hai didn't care whether that person was dead or alive. It didn't matter if he was a powerful person from the Demon Sect. Zhao Hai didn't want to know anything from there, so he just dealt with him and that was it, keeping him in his hands. It's definitely not a good thing. If someone discovers it, it will be even more dangerous.

Zhao Hai now also knows that the reason why Wu Chen has become stronger may be related to the soul-fixing bead. The soul-fixing bead is a magical weapon used on the soul. He can give a person a trace of the remaining soul to It can be preserved for up to a hundred years if preserved. It is a magical weapon that some people in the magic world like to use very much.

The reason why I want to emphasize that this is a magical weapon that people in the devil's path like to use is because the refining method of this soul-fixing bead is somewhat special. This kind of soul-fixing bead must be killed by killing a person and using his soul. Come and refine it. After refining, keep it. When you use it, directly inject your residual soul into the soul-fixing ball. Then your residual soul can be consumed by consuming the soul power in the soul-fixing ball. It can survive for hundreds of years. When the soul power of the Soul-fixing Pearl is exhausted, the remaining soul will truly die.

There is only one reason for those people to do this, and that is to let their remnant souls seize the body. Although this possibility is very low, they still have to give it a try even if it is a low possibility, because they If you don't try, you will really die, so they do this.

Many people in the demon sect will prepare a soul-fixing bead. On the contrary, some people in the righteous way will not bring this thing, because this thing is refined with human life. If others know, then Their reputation has been ruined, so this soul-fixing bead is very popular among the demon sect, but is rarely seen in the righteous middle sect.

The jade slip that Zhao Hai found from Wu Chen's space bag before should be a special magic weapon. The soul-fixing beads can be stored in it, so that when others look at the jade slip, their souls will be fixed. Zhu is mentioned in a fantasy world, so that he can slowly make you lose your guard in the fantasy world, and finally seize your body.

The owner of the soul-fixing bead must have been obtained by Wu Chen unintentionally. Wu Chen himself was not suitable for practice due to the meridians in his body, but the Demon Sect has a method to repair the meridians, although the method may be bloody. A little bit, but this method does exist. He must have used this method to seduce Wu Chen. Wu Chen naturally took the bait, and then learned from him. The reason why Wu Chen is so strong should also be because The reason for the Soul-fixing Pearl.

When Zhao Hai thought of this, he couldn't help but glance at Wu Chen's body. A look of surprise appeared on his face. It was indeed what he thought. There was a very strange thing on Wu Chen's body. There is a red mark like a spider web on his chest. This mark is only the size of a palm, and no one can see it when wearing clothes.

But Zhao Hai recognized at a glance that people with such marks on their bodies should be practicing a magic technique called Blood Spider Pulse Condensation Technique. This method is very weird. Using this People who follow this method must first kill a person, and then use the person's essence and blood to strengthen their own meridians. This is a method specifically used by people with underdeveloped meridians.

However, this method cannot be completed by killing one person. At least 7,749 people must be killed to complete this method. After completing this method, the entire person's body will be covered by red spider webs. The mark was very obvious, so as soon as Zhao Hai saw the mark on Wu Chen's body, he knew what kind of technique he used.

Through this incident, Zhao Hai can also clearly know that the exercises here in Wanshan Realm are actually similar to those he has seen in the lower realm before. It is precisely because of this that Zhao Hai now reacts There is nothing to worry about now, because as long as the techniques here in Wanshan Realm are in the same line as those in the lower realm, then he really has nothing to worry about here in Wanshan Realm.

However, he is not worried about the people here in Wanshan Realm. He is only worried about those in the upper realm. He doesn’t know what kind of strength those in the upper realm are yet, so he still needs to be careful. When will he be able to When he determines how strong those people in the upper world are, it is not too late to let them go.

With a wave of his hand, Wu Chen's body was disposed of. Zhao Hai sat in Wu Chen's room, waiting for the arrival of tomorrow. Although the Wu family was going to hold a family meeting, this family meeting actually had nothing to do with him. He is a disciple of a branch, and he is not strong enough, so naturally no one thinks highly of him. The protagonist of this family meeting is Wu Fatian, and he, Wu Chen, still has to do his own thing.

Of course, these are all Zhao Hai's guesses, but these are also the guesses of Zhao Hai and the intelligence sent by Wu Yang and others. He believes that it should be very close to the truth, so Zhao Hai is not in a hurry. He will do it tomorrow. Do the same thing that Wu Chen does every day, clean the Wu family's Sutra Pavilion. This is his daily job, he must do it, and he is not qualified to participate in the family meeting.

This is also the reason why Zhao Hai chose Wu Chen. Although Wu Chen has a low status in the Wu family, he is a member of the Wu family. He can still go to some places, especially the Sutra Pavilion. He went to the Sutra Pavilion to clean it. For a moment, and then looking for an opportunity to sneak into the Wu family head's house and find evidence, he can leave then.

As for what if there is no evidence, Zhao Hai really didn't expect it. He believed that the Wu family would definitely have evidence, because that evidence might also be the Wu family's last resort, so the Wu family would definitely leave some behind. of evidence.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.