c7979 Crisis lurks

After Zeng Yang took the projection jade slip handed over by Zhao Hai, he said to Zhao Hai: "Okay, leave the rest to me, you don't have to come forward, this time I can wipe out the Wu family, your contribution is not small." , but I’m afraid that the sect won’t give me any reward. I don’t want too many people to know what you have done. Otherwise, the people of the Qianyuan Sect will definitely deal with you. It can be said that the Qianyuan Sect wants to It is not an easy task to bury such a nail in the Wu family in the sect, but it was destroyed by you. If the people of Qianyuan Sect knew that this matter was your fault, they would definitely not let it go. You, so you have to be careful, and I won’t let the sect know about this matter. You have contributed the most.”

Zhao Hai responded, and Zeng Yang said in a deep voice: "You should lead the people back first. Speaking of which, you are really good, and the people under you are also really good. Train them well." , let them practice well, and they will become the most useful talents under their command in the future, go back." Zhao Hai responded, saluted Zeng Yang, then led the others and turned back to Xuan Fu Cave.

Watching Zhao Hai leave, Uncle Qi said to Zeng Yang: "Master, the young master's use of the White Crane Technique is really good. He can actually block the attacks of two people by himself. That boy Wu Fatian is so powerful." But he is much stronger than the young master, and the young master can block his attacks, which is really amazing."

Zeng Yang nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Although he only delayed the enemy, his methods were really good. Bai He also used Bai He's method very well. He used Bai He's Ling Zi Yi Jue to the extreme. This Very good, you must know that this has dual aspects, but it is precisely because of this that my big rune hand did not teach him. He learned too many things, which is not good for him. When will his strength reach Star, I want to hand over the big rune hand to him."

Uncle Qi nodded. He knew what the big rune hand Zeng Yang was talking about. It was the big hand Zeng Yang used to attack Wu Fatian and Yang Ming before. That big hand looked very ordinary, but in fact it was After being disguised, it was a technique created by Zeng Yang, and it could even be said to be a form of magic. This form was called the Great Rune Hand, and it was very powerful. It was precisely because of this form that he created it himself. So many people now don't know what Zeng Yang's Dharma is, because Zeng Yang hasn't used his own Dharma to fight enemies for many years. He has always used the big rune hand.

Zeng Yang said in a deep voice: "The Yangfu lineage wants to keep Wu Fatian so much not just because of their good relationship with the Wu family. They should also know what happened to the Wu family this time. To be honest, No one wants to mess with things like the Wu family. Even if they had any relationship with the Wu family in the past, they would immediately draw a clear line, but at this time, they still want to protect Wu Fatian. This matter is definitely not simple.”

When Uncle Qi heard what Zeng Yang said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then his expression couldn't help but change. He immediately looked at Zeng Yang and said, "Master, what do you mean?" Uncle Qi knew very well what Zeng Yang meant. Meaning, Zeng Yang suspected that the Yang Fu lineage might have some collusion with the Qianyuan Sect, so he wanted to protect Wu Fatian at all costs.

But this matter is really terrible. The Yangfu lineage is also very strong in the sect, no worse than Zeng Yang and his Xuanfu lineage. Although the founder of the Yangfu lineage is the Supreme Elder, The master has passed away, but there are many talents in their lineage. If such a force really colludes with the Qianyuan Sect, the consequences will be really unimaginable, and I am afraid it will cause the entire Qingyang Zong's turmoil.

Zeng Yang's face was also very solemn, and he said in a deep voice: "It seems that we have to be careful about this matter, otherwise, the consequences will be really serious, so this matter cannot be reported to the sect first, it must be You have to report it to Master first, and Master will make the decision later. Let’s go.” Uncle Qi responded, and then he pulled the rope in his hand, and those who were entangled in the rope followed them and flew towards the Wu family. .

However, Zeng Yang did not let Uncle Qi enter the Wu family directly. Instead, he asked Uncle Qi to wait for him outside the Wu family. He carried Wu Fatian to the Wu family himself. He did not want everyone there to Seeing Yang Ming, if everyone there saw Yang Ming, the consequences would be serious.

By the time Zeng Yang arrived at the Wu family, all the people in the Wu family had been wiped out, even the children were not spared. All the people in the Wu family had been wiped out, and no one was left. For this kind of Zeng Yang didn't react to the situation. In the world of cultivation, things have always been like this. To get rid of a family, you must eradicate the roots. Otherwise, you don't know whether there will be descendants of this family. , will wipe you out, so in the world of cultivation, people are always particular about what they do, and they must do it to the last detail, and they must not be merciful.

When Zeng Yang arrived at Qingfengzi's side, he said to Qingfengzi: "Master, Wu Fatian, the boy of the Wu family, has been captured by my disciples, and he is here now." The Wu family has two masters, Wu Zhen and Wu Fatian, Wu Zhen is dead, but Wu Fatian was not found in the Wu family. Originally, Qingfengzi and the others were a little worried that Wu Fatian would run away, but now Wu Fatian has been captured, which makes Qingfengzi very happy. .

He glanced at Wu Fatian, then nodded, and said in a deep voice: "Okay, that's right, let's hand him over to the sect. By the way, abolish his training, but don't give him a chance to run away. " Zeng Yang responded and slapped Wu Fatian's body with one palm. The spiritual energy in Wu Fatian's body was completely dispersed in an instant. At the same time, his appearance was destroyed and all the meridians in his body were severed. It can be said that he will never be able to do anything in the future. Even if he is alive, he will be a cripple at most, and it is absolutely impossible to practice anymore. Even the magic sect's techniques cannot save him.

Then Zeng Yang handed Wu Fatian over to the law enforcement disciples of Yang Zong, and then Zeng Yang came to Qingfengzi again and said to Qingfengzi: "Master, I still have a few projection jade slips here, and the contents inside are somewhat special. , so I want to ask Master to take a look, but there are too many people here, so I’d better ask Master to take a look after he goes back."

Of course, Qingfengzi understood what Zeng Yang meant. He glanced at Zeng Yang and said, "What did you find again? Forget it, let's not talk about this matter. The matter here has been solved, so let's go back." After that, he With a movement, he flew towards Qingfeng Mountain. Zeng Yang quickly followed, and all the other disciples of Qingfengzi also followed.

After they returned to the range of Qingfeng Mountain, Qingfengzi waved his hand. The other disciples also knew Qingfengzi's character, so they all saluted Qingfengzi, and then turned around and went back to their caves, but they were Before leaving, they all glanced at Zeng Yang.

After Zeng Yang followed Qingfengzi to Qingfengzi's cave, Qingfengzi sat on the futon, looked at Zeng Yang and said: "Zeng Yang, don't you have a projection to show you? Take it out." Zeng Yang responded, Then he took out the three jade slips and released all the contents in them one by one.

When Zeng Yang finished reading all the contents in the jade slips, Qingfengzi's face turned gloomy. He looked at Zeng Yang and said, "You can take down those people from the Yangfu lineage." Of course Qingfengzi knew that. What does the content in this jade slip mean, but the strength of the Yang Fu lineage is indeed very powerful, so he still wants to take a look at those people from the Yang Fu lineage.

Zeng Yang said: "It has been captured. My servant Xiao Qi is watching. They should have returned to the Xuan Fu Cave now." Zeng Yang had asked Uncle Qi to take those people back to the Xuan Fu Cave because He didn't want too many people to know about this matter. After all, the Yang Fu lineage was very powerful in the sect, and its strength was intricate. They had to be careful.

Qingfengzi nodded and said: "Go back and bring the person back." Zeng Yang responded, bowed to Qingfengzi, and then exited the cave. Then, with a flash of white light on his body, he returned to his Xuan Fu Cave. As soon as he returned to his Xuan Fu Cave, he immediately called out: "Xiao Qi." He thought that after such a long time, Uncle Qi must have returned, but what surprised him was that he didn't hear A familiar answering voice.

This made Zeng Yang stunned, and he immediately said loudly: "Xiao Qi." Still no one answered, Zeng Yang's face couldn't help but change. He really knew Qi Shu very well. He knew very well that Qi Uncle was doing things. My son has always been very safe. He can't go somewhere else halfway. If he hasn't come back yet, something must have happened.

When he thought of this, Zeng Yang immediately said loudly: "Zhao Ying, all the registered disciples, gather together." Zhao Hai and all Zeng Yang's registered disciples all flew out of the room quickly and landed in front of Zeng Yang. Without waiting for them to salute, Yang shouted to them: "Everyone, go out to find Xiao Qi immediately. You must find Xiao Qi. If you want to see him alive, you want to see his body if he is dead."

When everyone heard what Zeng Yang said, they were all stunned. They never thought that Zeng Yang would say this. If you are still alive, you want to see people, and if you are dead, you want to see the corpse. This is not a good thing. This means that something may have happened to Qibu. , when they thought of this, they immediately responded and walked out.

Zhao Hai did not move immediately, but said to Zeng Yang: "Master, where was Uncle Qi?" Zhao Hai knew very well that they could only go out to beat people if they had a rough target. If they didn't have a rough target, If it's an area, it's basically like finding a needle in a haystack.

Zeng Yang immediately said: "From our Qingfeng Mountain, head towards the top of the Wu family's mountain, and search carefully. You must find him." Everyone responded, and immediately turned around and flew out, heading straight from the direction of Qingfeng Mountain. In the direction of Wu's mountain top, Zeng Yang flew out with him. He knew that if Uncle Qi really encountered any trouble, Zhao Hai and the others alone would not be able to solve it, and he would need to take action then.

At the same time, Zeng Yang was also very surprised. He never thought that something would happen to Uncle Qi in the sect. Qingyang Sect has always been very peaceful, but he did not expect that when something goes wrong, it would be a big deal. First, it would be his disciples. The betrayal then led to the Wu family, and the Wu family's affairs also led to the Yangfu lineage. Now even Uncle Qi is in trouble. He now feels that the sect is also in danger.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.