c7970 plan

Zeng Yang was sitting in his study room when he suddenly heard the voice of Uncle Qi: "Master, Young Master Zhao Ying would like to see you." Zeng Yang didn't have anyone waiting around him, only Uncle Qi was alone, so Uncle Qi usually didn't They will all follow Zeng Yang. Of course, Zeng Yang's subordinates actually have their own power. He has also accepted some disciples or registered disciples in the past. Once those disciples or registered disciples reach a certain level of strength, there will be no The way is to improve the peace of the country, Zeng Yang will let them become the elders of Qingyang Sect, work for him or for Qingyang Sect, and none of these people are with Zeng Yang, but they are all Zeng Yang's people , so there is only Uncle Qi beside Zeng Yang, but he really has a lot of people at his disposal.

But Zeng Yang would not usually use these people. Although he can use those people at any time, using those people means that he has to use all his strength. This is not a small matter for Zeng Yang. , even for Qingyang Sect, it is not a trivial matter, so the only one who is following Zeng Yang now is Uncle Qi.

When Zeng Yang heard what Uncle Qi said, he couldn't help being stunned, and then he immediately said in a deep voice: "Let him come in." Uncle Qi responded, and then directly invited Zhao Hai to the study. After Zhao Hai arrived in the study , and immediately saluted Zeng Yang and said: "Meet the Master."

Zeng Yang waved his hand, then smiled slightly and said: "That's all, sit down and talk." Zhao Hai responded, walked to a chair aside and sat down. Zeng Yang looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "This time Come, but what's the matter? I heard about what you've done in those industries recently. It's very good, very good. Now other industries in my hands have also begun to make improvements in this area. You really are. Very well done.”

Zhao Hai quickly said: "Thank you for the compliment, Master. Master, this disciple came to you today with two things to do. The first one is about the improvement of those industries. I have written a report and asked Master to read it." After finishing Zhao Hai took out a jade slip, stood up and handed it to Uncle Qi's hand.

Uncle Qi took the jade slip and put it on Zeng Yang's table. Zeng Yang did not look at the jade slip, and then said, "What about the second thing?" Zeng Yang really wanted to know, Zhao Hai What was the second thing mentioned made him very curious. He really couldn't understand Zhao Hai now, because Zhao Hai did so well.

Zhao Hai immediately said in a deep voice: "Master, the second thing is about the Wu family. Uncle Qi has already informed me about the Wu family. I think the Wu family's matter is a big deal and must not be ignored." If it takes too long, we'd better get rid of the Wu family if possible."

Zeng Yang was stunned for a moment, but then he laughed, and then said: "You want to get rid of the Wu family? It's not that easy. Don't look at the fact that the Wu family doesn't seem to have any experts now, and really counting, the Wu family is in Qingyang Zongli can be regarded as an emerging family, but the strength of the Wu family cannot be underestimated, and the Wu family is not really an ordinary emerging family as people think. Their family actually already exists. It has been many years, but there were no masters in their family before, so they have never been famous. It is only in the past few generations that the Wu family has had several masters. This has made the Wu family slowly emerge, giving people the impression that it is a Just like the emerging families, their family background is actually very deep and not easy to deal with."

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Yes, Master, I have also guessed this, so the disciple wants to use the help of the sect to deal with the Wu family, and it is not up to us to do it ourselves. If we do it in person, then we are It will trigger a civil war, in which case the sect will never agree, but if it is the sect that decides to get rid of the Wu family, then nothing will happen."

Zeng Yang was stunned for a moment, then he shook his head and said with a smile: "You think things are too simple. How could the sect deal with the Wu family for no reason? What did the Wu family say? They are also members of the sect. For one family, if the sect attacks the Wu family for no reason, what will happen to other families? Moreover, the top leaders of the sect will not listen to us and will not take action against the Wu family."

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Master, I am going to start with Jiang Yuliu and the others to deal with the Wu family." At this point, Zhao Hai paused. He did not mention the investigation results of Wu Yang and the others, because if he did If so, it is very likely that the situation of Wu Yang and the others will be exposed, so Zhao Hai cannot tell the status of their investigation.

Zeng Yang said at this time: "Start with Jiang Yuliu's matter? What are you going to do?" Zeng Yang was very curious about Zhao Hai's matter. He really wanted to know what Zhao Hai was going to do. Because Zeng Yang knew very well that although Jiang Yuliu and the others were suppressed by Qingfengzi, people in the sect were also dissatisfied with this matter. If this matter was really done, then Maybe it can really hit the Wu family.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Master, from the information given to me by Uncle Qi, I found that the reason why Jiang Yuliu and others joined the Qianyuan Sect may have something to do with the Wu family, because they are working with the Wu family. After contacting people, he became more and more greedy, and finally joined the Qianyuan Sect, so the disciple wanted to ask the master to help the disciple check to see if there is any relationship between the Wu family and the Qianyuan Sect. If so, , then this may be a breakthrough.”

Zeng Yang was stunned for a moment, but then his eyes lit up, and then he said: "There is no need to check this. Wu Zhen, the current member of the Wu family, I heard that when he was young, he had a deep relationship with an elder of the Qianyuan Sect. , but later the relationship between the two sects became tense, and they broke off contact. Do you think they actually didn’t break off contact, but have always been in contact secretly?”

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "If this is the case, then there is really a possibility of connection. Master, I know some stealth techniques. I want to sneak into the Wu family to look for it and see if there is any evidence. If there is evidence, the disciple will try to get as much evidence as possible. As long as we have this evidence, no matter how deep the background of the Wu family is, the sect will punish them."

Zeng Yang thought for a while, he only knew a little about Zhao Hai's stealth ability, but he didn't know much, because even Le Wenzhen didn't know how big Zhao Hai's stealth ability was, so Zeng Yang actually He was not optimistic about Zhao Hai's proposal. The Wu family had its own mountain. If Zhao Hai could sneak into the Wu family so easily, the Wu family would have been doomed long ago. However, he did not want to attack Zhao Hai. He said: "You can give it a try now, but you must pay attention to your own safety. Although the Wu family is our enemy, they can't threaten us yet. We can deal with him slowly. There is no need to take risks. Understand What do I mean?"

Zhao Hai responded, and then he said to Zeng Yang: "Disciple understands, please rest assured, Master, I will prepare myself and I will never take any risks. Regardless of whether it succeeds or not, I will tell Master." Zeng Yang nodded, Zhao Hai Then he stood up, saluted Zeng Yang, then turned and left.

After Zhao Hai left, Zeng Yang said to Uncle Qi: "Keep an eye on Zhao Ying. If he is in any danger, rescue him and let him know how powerful he is. Go ahead." Uncle Qi He responded, then turned around and left the small building. He had to make some preparations.

At this time, Zhao Hai had already returned to the Xuantie Mine. Then he wrote directly to Wu Yang and asked Wu Yang to send him the information about everyone in the Wu family. The more detailed the information, the better. At the same time, he also wanted to know the recent whereabouts of these people in the Wu family, all of which he had to know.

These things are really not difficult for Wu Yang and the others. They already have the information of everyone in the Wu family and can just send it to Zhao Hai. Even the information of the servants who work in the Wu family Yes, there is also the topographic map of the Wu family's mountain. These things are very simple.

The only difficult thing was actually the whereabouts of the Wu family. It would take some time to get this to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai did not rush Wu Yang, but asked Wu Yang to check it slowly. Don't be anxious or expose it. Then he saw the information about the Wu family. After looking at it, Zhao Hai realized that the Wu family was indeed a big family. The entire family had a population of more than 300 people. This was just the Wu family. The total number of servants is more than 600, which means that there are at least 1,000 people living on the hilltop of the Wu family.

The Wu family lives on the top of that mountain. There is a large manor on the top of the mountain. The Wu family lives there, and all the servants live there, and all the terrain of those manors is also there. The map Wu Yang gave him gave Zhao Hai a new understanding of the energy of their servants.

After remembering all these things, Wu Yang also sent the whereabouts of the Wu family to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai saw that most of the Wu family were sitting in the Wu family's manor, except for one person. A small number of people are taking care of business for the Wu family outside. As a family, the Wu family of course has their own business, so some people from the Wu family are looking at the family property outside, but the core members of the family are all in the manor. , especially recently, the Wu family is preparing to hold some family meetings and call all the family members back to celebrate Wu Fatian becoming a star master. This is the second Wu level master in the Wu family.

When he saw this, Zhao Hai couldn't help being stunned, but then his face lit up. He knew very well that when the Wu family was going to hold a family meeting, there would be a lot of people in the family, and there would inevitably be some chaos. It was his good opportunity. After seeing that the Wu family's family meeting would be held in three days, Zhao Hai decided to change the time of action to three days later.

He immediately wrote a letter to Wu Yang, asking Wu Yang to know more about the whereabouts of the Wu family these days. Even if the Wu family stayed in the manor, they must know the daily whereabouts of the Wu family. Wu Yang has been following Zhao Hai for a while. When he saw Zhao Hai's request, he knew that Zhao Hai might be going to attack the Wu family, so he was very careful, but Zhao Hai was not prepared to let anyone know. He returned to Qingyang Sect, and he planned to sneak into Qingyang Sect secretly.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.