c7978 evidence

Zhao Hai looked at Wu Fatian, smiled slightly and said: "Senior Brother Wu seems to be very surprised to see me, what? Is there anyone else waiting for Senior Brother Wu here? Senior Brother Wu, I advise you to just go ahead and capture him. Well, you can't escape. Do you think you will be safe if you escape to the Qianyuan Sect? Without the support of the entire Wu family, your life will not be easy if you go to the Qianyuan Sect, right? "

Wu Fatian snorted coldly and said in a deep voice: "Can you stop me just by yourself?" After Wu Fatian moved, a huge talisman suddenly appeared on his body. This talisman was very complicated. And it was so huge that it completely covered Wu Fatian.

As soon as he saw this talisman appearing outside Wu Fatian's body, Zhao Hai couldn't help but sigh softly and said: "Senior Brother Wu, why do you think you are doing this? You are learning Qingyang Sect's exercises and using the method. It is also the orthodox Dharma of Qingyang Sect. Even if you go to Qianyuan Sect, can you still modify other Dharma? If you modify other Dharma, it may not necessarily be a good thing for you. ? Why are you doing this?"

No one answered him, but the huge talisman lit up slightly, and then countless sharp swords attacked Zhao Hai. As soon as Zhao Hai saw this situation, he immediately shouted: "Get out of the way, all around." Be alert, don't interfere." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved and soared directly into the sky, and then a huge white crane appeared in the sky.

Immediately after the white crane appeared, a crane chirped, and then he moved and rushed towards Wu Fatian. At this time, the long swords also stabbed towards the white crane, but the white crane flapped its wings again in the air. Shocked, he flew straight into the sky again, and in the blink of an eye he flew out. Lao Gao, those long swords must have pierced the air.

But those long swords didn't seem to be ordinary spells, but real ones. They turned in one direction in the air and stabbed straight at the white crane. The white crane flashed and dodged without turning in the air, and the speed was very fast. , but the long sword never stabbed him.

At this moment, a white light suddenly shot up into the sky and exploded in the air. Zhao Hai was shocked when he saw the white light, but he calmed down immediately because he had already thought of it. In this case, the white light was actually the warning signal sent by the people Zhao Hai sent to monitor Yang Ming and the others. In other words, Yang Ming and the others might be back.

Although Zhao Hai was sure that he could figure out Wu Fatian in a short period of time, he could not do so. There was a gap between him and Wu Fatian. If Yang Ming was added, he would have absolutely no chance of victory. If he If he really took care of Wu Fatian and Yang Ming, it would arouse others' suspicion, so he was not prepared to fight head-on with Wu Fatian.

He believed that Zeng Yang should have seen what was going on here at this time, and he would immediately come to support him. The Wu family and the Qingyang Sect had sent out so many masters. If they still couldn't win, it would be really embarrassing. , so all Zhao Hai has to do is to hold them back.

In fact, just as Zhao Hai thought, after Zeng Yang received the jade slips from Zhao Hai, he kept an eye on it. He felt that Yang Ming and the others' appearance in Haoli was definitely not a coincidence. There must be a reason. , so he kept paying attention to the direction of Zhao Hai and the others. It was precisely because of this that he saw Zhao Hai's White Crane Dharma, and of course he also saw the warning white light, so he was sure that something must have happened there.

Without saying a word, Zeng Yang led Uncle Qi and flew towards Zhao Hai and the others. Zhao Hai's Dharma was still hovering in the sky, avoiding those sharp swords. At the same time, he did not forget to say loudly to Lin Cang and the others: "Everyone retreat and do not engage the enemy. You are no match."

Lin Cang and the others were also very obedient and immediately started to retreat without any intention of fighting the enemy to the death. Not long after the warning signal came out, they saw a group of men in black and rushed directly to the battlefield. , but Lin Cang and the others had no intention of fighting them head-on, but simply retreated.

But they did not go far, and kept a certain distance from those people. When those people advanced, they retreated. As soon as those people fell behind, they immediately followed them. This gave those people an incomparable headache. They were They came to rescue Wu Fatian, but Wu Fatian was now fighting against Zhao Hai. Although the strength of the two was quite different, Zhao Hai just ran away. Wu Fatian had nothing to do with them for a while.

At this time, one of the men in black suddenly released a dharma image. However, his dharma image was not a talisman, but a long sword engraved with runes. The long sword was covered with runes. It looks very mysterious. There are talismans like this in Qingyang Sect, which are called sword talismans. In other words, the opponent's talisman is a sword talisman.

As soon as the sword talisman appeared, it immediately hit the white crane in the sky. The sword thrust was very wonderful, just on the path that Zhao Hai must pass. Zhao Hai was now intercepting in front and pursuing after. Bing, the situation became dangerous immediately, but Zhao Hai did not panic at all. When he saw the warning signal, he already knew that he would definitely encounter such a situation, so he saw the white crane in the sky, With a violent flutter of wings, the body flew into the sky, and at the same time, the two crane claws grabbed the sword talisman.

Just as a clanging sound was heard, the sword talisman was actually blocked by Bai He's two claws, but Bai He seemed to use this force to rise into the sky and fly directly, not only getting past those who were chasing him. The sharp sword and the sword talisman kept the distance apart, allowing him to escape another disaster.

At this moment, a loud shout was heard: "How brave!" Following this voice, a big hand suddenly fell from the sky and slapped the sword talisman. When he passed by, he heard a loud bang, and the sword talisman was smashed to pieces by a big hand. Then a scream came, and a man in black fell straight from the sky.

As soon as the other men in black saw that something was not going well, they wanted to run away. At this time, they heard a cold snort, and then a rope suddenly fell from the sky, and it was directly entangled in those men in black. None of the men in black could escape, they were all tightly entangled by the rope, and all those entangled were unable to move.

But at this time, the big hand appeared again. This time, the big hand slapped the talisman. The talisman was also smashed to pieces. Wu Fatian spurted out a mouthful of blood and fell to the ground directly, unable to move. At this time, Zhao Hai collected his Dharma form and stood still in the sky. Then he saluted Zeng Yang and Qi Shu who had just appeared in the sky and said, "I've met Master, I've met Qi Uncle. "

Zeng Yang nodded, glanced at the people below, then glanced at Zhao Hai, nodded with great satisfaction and said: "Okay, very good, Zhao Ying, I didn't expect that your current strength has reached this level." He was able to hold back Wu Fatian. As for the other one, he also had the strength of Earth Demon. You were able to escape this disaster under the attack of the two of them. Your strength is indeed good. very good."

Zhao Hai hurriedly said: "Master has given me a reward. This disciple just escaped with his life without being forced." What he said was true. With the strength he has shown now, he just escaped with his life. That's all, but this is already very difficult. Zeng Yang is still very satisfied with his performance.

But obviously this is not the time to talk about this. Zeng Yang glanced at the people in black and Wu Fatian below, and said solemnly: "Now is not the time to talk about this. You first see who those people in black are. They are so big." How dare you dare to help the Wu family." As soon as he finished speaking, with his hand, the black scarves on the faces of the men in black flew up, revealing their appearance, but Zeng What surprised Yang was that those people were not the Yang Ming and others he had thought before.

While he was in a daze, Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "It's interesting. He even brought a magic weapon that can change his appearance. I really didn't expect that our sect actually has such a thing." After that, see you. Zhao Hai waved his hand, and the masks, which were as thin as silkworm wings but full of runes, flew down from the faces of those people and fell directly into Zhao Hai's hands.

As the masks flew down, their true faces were revealed. Sure enough, it was Yang Ming and the others. The one who attacked Zhao Hai before was Yang Ming, but he received a palm from Zeng Yang and has now fainted. As soon as Zeng Yang saw this situation, a smile appeared on his face. He said in a deep voice: "Take care of these people. I really want to see how people from the Yang Fu lineage will fare this time." How to explain.”

Zhao Hai quickly saluted Zeng Yang and said: "Master, in order to avoid conflicts between people from the Yang Fu lineage, I was bitten by people from the Yang Fu lineage. When I was talking to people from the Yang Fu lineage, , I have already used the projection jade slip to record all the previous events and ask Master to review it." After saying that, Zhao Hai took out a projection jade slip, and then he called Huang Xiang, and Huang Xiangshou He asked for two more jade slips, and gave all three projection jade slips to Zeng Yang.

Zeng Yang was stunned for a moment, but then his eyes lit up. He knew very well what these projected jade slips represented. They represented evidence. This time, no matter how the people of the Yang Fu lineage tried to quibble, it was useless. They had evidence. Holding it in hand, if people of the Yang Fu lineage don't give them a reasonable explanation, they won't give up.

In fact, Zeng Yang and the Yang Fu lineage have never dealt with each other. If it were not for the support of the Yang Fu lineage, the Wu family would not dare to conflict with Zeng Yang and the others. Although the Wu family is a family, it is not a family. There are no masters in the family, so the family's energy is also limited. With Zeng Yang's strength, it is actually very easy to deal with the Wu family, but with the support of the Yang Fu lineage, the situation is different. The strength of the pulse is not weak. With their support of the Wu family, it is difficult for Zeng Yang to take direct action against the Wu family. That is why the Wu family has been disgusting with him. Now he has directly dealt with the Wu family and also seized the Yang Talisman. If the people of the same lineage have the handle, then this matter will be easier to handle. Zeng Yang is in a very serious situation. Qingfengzi, the sect leader and others are all very angry about the Wu family. At this time, the people of the Yangfu lineage are , and dare to jump out and look for trouble, then you are really seeking death.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.