c7977 Appear

Yang Ming didn't expect that Zhao Hai's attitude would be so tough. He glanced at Zhao Hai and then said: "Junior brother Zhao Ying, we are from the Yang Fu lineage. We don't seem to be from your Qingfeng lineage. ? The order of Patriarch Qingfeng seems not to be the order of the sect master, right?" What he said was actually arrogant. Everyone knew that Qingfengzi was the Supreme Elder of Qingyang Sect, and his order was actually better than the order of the sect master. It's not much different. He has no problem ordering a disciple like Yang Ming. Yang Ming said this, which was already a bit disrespectful to Qing Fengzi.

The smile on Zhao Hai's face did not change, and then he said: "According to the order of Patriarch Qingfeng, people of the Yangfu lineage should withdraw from here immediately. Otherwise, you will be responsible for the consequences. When I give ten breaths to all senior brothers, within ten breaths , if you brothers don’t quit here, don’t blame Zhao Ying for not thinking about the friendship of the same family.” After finishing speaking, Zhao Hai began to count.

Yangming didn't expect that Zhao Hai would give them a last-ditch spy, which made his face look ugly. He couldn't even keep the fake smile on his face. He looked at Zhao Hai and said: " Junior brother, you'd better think clearly about whether to make things so ugly. If junior brother insists on doing this, I'm afraid it will be difficult for us to see each other in the future."

Zhao Hai did not stop. At this time, he had already counted to eight, and Lin Cang and the others all took out their magical weapons. When Yangming saw this situation, he also snorted coldly, then turned around and said loudly: "Let's go." After saying that, he led the people and walked straight back.

Zhao Hai did not stop, but kept following them forward, but at the same time he also sent people to guard the place where they were staying. As soon as Yangming saw Zhao Hai following him, his face became increasingly ugly. After walking ten miles, he stopped, looked at Zhao Hai and said, "Junior Brother Zhao Ying, don't go too far."

Zhao Hai looked at Yang Ming and said in a deep voice: "Senior brother, it is best to return to your cave. Otherwise, if this matter is told, it will not do any good to your Yang Fu lineage, right? The Wu family and Everyone in the entire sect knows what the relationship between the Yang Fu lineage is. Senior brother should avoid suspicion, but now senior brother has been staying here. I don’t know what the purpose is?"

When Yang Ming saw that Zhao Hai was not giving in, his face became even more ugly. He glanced at Zhao Hai and said coldly: "Junior brother is really a good-mouthed person. It doesn't matter, I really want to see it." Look, I really want to see, junior brother, how you completed this mission." After saying that, he led the people and turned around to leave.

Zhao Hai turned to Huang Xiang who was following him and said: "Senior Brother Huang, you lead five people and follow them until they retreat fifty miles away. Then retreat. Remember, don't get too close to them. Use the projection jade the whole time." Jane recorded their actions. Also, after they withdraw fifty miles away, you must leave two people to watch them there. The people who stay must hide. If they are found to be back, send a message immediately. Alarm, and use the projection jade slip to record it at the same time, go ahead." Huang Xiang was stunned, he really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would do this.

Zhao Hai glanced at him, smiled slightly, then took out two projection jade slips, and gave them directly to Huang Xiang. Huang Xiang originally wanted to say that he didn't have any projection jade slips in his hand, but now Seeing that Zhao Hai actually took out the projection jade slip, he was naturally speechless and immediately said that he had taken the jade slip, and then the five of them followed Yang Ming and the others.

But Zhao Hai stood there, looking at the backs of Yang Ming and the others, smiling slightly, and then he said to the remaining people: "Return to our previous position and prepare for battle. I have a hunch that there may be someone from the Wu family. Appear here." Everyone responded and immediately retreated to their previous position.

And Zhao Hai also returned to that position, sitting there with a calm face. He looked at the Wu family hilltop in the distance. It was still peaceful there, but Zhao Hai had a feeling that the Wu family now knew Qingyang. If there is any movement from Zong, they will definitely not sit back and wait for death.

Sure enough, just when Zhao Hai and the others had been standing there for less than a quarter of an hour, many black spots appeared in the sky. These black spots rushed straight to the top of the Wu family's mountain, but at the top of the Wu family's mountain, Countless golden runes suddenly appeared. As soon as those golden runes appeared, a voice immediately came: "Sect Master, why are you treating my Wu family like this? Our Wu family has always been loyal to Qingyang Sect. By doing this, aren't we afraid of chilling the hearts of everyone in the world?"

This voice was full of energy. Although it was under such circumstances, there was no panic or worry at all. His tone was actually very calm. It was obvious that this person's psychological quality was very good. Zhao Although Hai didn't see anyone, he was certain that the person speaking must be Wu Zhen, the head of the Wu family.

At this time, a Qinglang voice suddenly came and said: "Wu Zhen, you don't have to pretend anymore. We already know that you colluded with the Qianyuan Sect to frame my disciples of the Qingyang Sect. I really didn't expect that Wu The woman who inspired you is actually the daughter of the Supreme Elder of the Qianyuan Sect. She is indeed a beautiful man. It’s rare. It’s rare.” The voice was a bit joking and teasing, but judging from the voice, the person speaking didn’t seem to be very old.

Zhao Hai knew very well that at this time, the person speaking, even if he was not the sect leader, must be someone very close to the sect leader. It was really beyond Zhao Hai's expectation that this person would be so young. , but Zhao Hai doesn’t know who he is.

At this moment, Wu Zhen's voice came again: "It turns out to be Young Master Qingyu. I don't know what kind of evidence the Young Master has. Why don't you show it to me so that my Wu family can understand. "At this time, Wu Zhen still didn't believe that the people from the Qingyang Sect would have any evidence, because he had gone to the secret room to see the things before, and those things were still there. Although the Qingyang Sect suddenly knew that he and Yuan Zhen He was very surprised by what happened, but he really didn't believe that Qingyang Sect would have evidence in hand.

At this moment, Zhao Hai's thoughts moved, and then he heard a loud bang in the direction of the Wu family's secret room. The entire secret room was destroyed. At the same time, even the people on the top of the Wu family's mountain were destroyed. The mountain-protecting formations were all destroyed. This was originally a back-up plan of Zhao Hailiu. In fact, after Wu Zhen saw the evidence before, he directly destroyed the evidence, but the ones Zhao Hai created The theoretical evidence was false in the first place. Even if he destroyed it, the energy was still there. Zhao Hai had already been there as a back-up. If Qingyang Sect didn't deal with the Wu family this time, he was ready to do it himself. He wanted to wait until Wu Zhen and Wu Fatian entered the secret room, detonate the energy, and kill them both.

Now that Qingyang Sect is ready to take action, he will naturally detonate that energy and destroy the Wu family's mountain-protecting formation, because Zhao Hai had already discovered the Wu family's mountain-protecting formation when he sneaked into the Wu family. It's not that simple anymore. Not only is the mountain defense formation very powerful, it can even detonate the entire mountain when necessary. The power of the explosion is very powerful. Even if it reaches the immortal level, it will probably be damaged. certain influence.

Although Zhao Hai doesn't know where the Wu family got this magic circle, one thing is certain, that is, this magic circle is not something that ordinary people can get. It is precisely because of this that it must be destroyed. This magic circle. When it comes to understanding the magic circle, no one here in Wanshan Realm can compare with Zhao Hai, and the Wu family is so stubborn that they put one of the eyes of the magic circle in their secret room. , Zhao Hai was naturally not polite, and directly tampered with it. Now this detonation will directly destroy the Wu family's magic circle.

The reason why Wu Zhen dared to talk to Qing Yu so loudly before, and the reason why he seemed so calm, was firstly because he had already prepared to die, and secondly because of this magic circle. Now that the magic circle was broken, he would I just stood there stunned, really not knowing what to do.

Of course, Qingyu would not miss this opportunity. He waved his hand and shouted: "Kill, the people of the Wu family, as long as they don't resist, we will try to capture them alive. If they resist, we will kill them on the spot." All the people behind him He responded with a roar, and then went straight to kill the Wu family, and the Wu family people immediately rose up to resist, but many Wu family people knelt down and surrendered directly, and the ones who really resisted were Very few.

It can be said that most people in the Wu family actually don't know what Wu Zhen and the others did, and it is impossible for Wu Zhen to tell others about it. It can be said that many people in the Wu family are innocent, but who made them As for the Wu family members, Qingyang Sect will not be polite to them.

Speaking of which, people from Wu Zhen's family are definitely not good people. They do not regard themselves as members of the Wu family at all. It can also be said that they do not regard other members of the Wu family as members of the Wu family at all. , he had never thought about what would happen to the other members of the Wu family once it was revealed that they had done this. Perhaps in his opinion, those people were not considered members of the Wu family at all, and they would die if they died. .

People like Wu Zhen are actually not worthy to be the head of a family. The head of a family must consider the whole family, rather than just thinking about his own small family. He has never thought that if there is no family With the support of their small family, it would be impossible for them to achieve their current status, nor to train their son to become a star expert.

But now Wu Zhen has no way to run away, but he has arranged for Wu Fatian to leave. As long as Wu Fatian can leave, he believes that Wu Fatian will definitely avenge him one day in the future. He believes in Wu Fatian's strength and Wu Fatian's talent. Well, he believes that Wu Fatian will definitely become a master in the future and avenge him.

Just when the fighting started at the top of the Wu Family Mountain, the ground not far from Zhao Hai and the others suddenly moved. Then a hole was opened in the ground, and a person climbed out of the hole. As soon as the person came out, he saw Zhao Hai and the others, and his expression couldn't help but change. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Zhao Ying, why are you here?" When he said this, he really meant it. He was full of surprise. It was obvious that he really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would appear here, but someone from the Yin Fu lineage would not come to respond to him.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.