c7971 sneak into

Lin Cang, Huang Xiang, Xu Shi, and Xu Yuan were all sitting in Zhao Hai's room. They were considered to be the senior leaders of Zhao Hai's group. Zhao Hai glanced at them and then said: "Today, I will treat you I'm calling, I need your help with something. When I have to go out for a few days for something, during these few days, I must make others think that I am still here at Xuantie Mine. This requires your cooperation. How about it? Is everyone willing?"

Lin Cang and the others were stunned for a moment, and then said in unison: "We are willing, just ask senior brother for instructions." Now that they are completely tied to Zhao Hai, they will naturally cooperate with Zhao Hai with all their strength. Zhao Hai nodded, and then He said in a deep voice: "Among our group, Ning Yu's figure is similar to mine. You call him over, and I will use a spell on him to look like me, so that others will think he is me when they see him." Me, this way I can go out with peace of mind, and he only needs to show up every day these days. If you cooperate with him, there won't be any problems."

Several people responded, and then Huang Xiang said, "I'm going to call someone." Zhao Hai nodded, and Huang Xiang turned and left. Soon Huang Xiang was followed by a man who looked ordinary but was about the same height as Zhao Hai. Entering the room, this person was Ning Yu. As soon as he saw these people in the room, he immediately knew that something must be going on. However, he did not ask any more questions. He immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said, "Have you met everyone?" Senior brother."

Zhao Hai nodded and then said to Ning Yu: "Ning Yu, I have something to do these days and I have to go out, but I don't want people to know that I have been out. You are about the same size as me, so I'm going to go out." Are you willing to use a spell on your body to look like me, so that you can pretend to be me these days?"

When Ning Yu heard what Zhao Hai said, he didn't even hesitate and said immediately: "I am willing to listen to my senior brother's instructions." He knew very well that he would never be able to leave Zhao Hai in the future. Without Zhao Hai's protection, he would Life in the sect will never be easy, so in the future, he can only follow Zhao Hai, so he must calm down his mentality. He will do whatever Zhao Hai asks him to do without any hesitation.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, then you should leave here now, and tell others that I have something for you to do, and let people outside see you leave, leave Xuantie Mine Once you are within range, immediately find a place to hide, and I will look for you after dark."

Ning Yu responded, then saluted everyone, then turned around and left. After Ning Yu left, Zhao Hai said to everyone: "I will leave tonight, Ning Yu will come back, you don't have to be too harsh." Taiyi, you can still do whatever you have to do tomorrow, but when Ning Yu shows up, you just need to cooperate a little bit."

Everyone immediately responded, Zhao Hai waved his hands, and they left. After they left, Zhao Hai sat in his room and began to make some preparations for this operation. For this operation, he planned to use only himself. To complete it, you are not going to use too high-level power, so you must make some preparations.

Soon the sky gradually darkened. After it was completely dark, Zhao Hai left his yard and carefully sneaked out of the yard. He quickly left the manor and then slowly left the mine. He was not discovered by anyone. Not long after he left the mine, he found Ning Yu directly. Ning Yu left the mine during the day, then found a place to hide outside, and told Zhao Hai where he was hiding. , so Zhao Hai found Ning Yu easily.

Ning Yu was hiding in a tree. As soon as he saw Zhao Hai coming, he immediately jumped down from the tree. Zhao Hai glanced at Ning Yu and then said: "Okay, I will use magic on you now." , this spell can be solved by no one except me. Then you can go back to the manor. Remember, you must sneak back and don’t let anyone find out. After you go back, go directly to my room. Tomorrow you Just go around the mine and let people see you."

Ning Yu responded, Zhao Hai pinched a few spells in his hand, and then a cloud of black smoke directly hit Ning Yu's body. Ning Yu couldn't see his appearance, but Zhao Hai could clearly see it. Seeing his appearance, one could see that Ning Yu had transformed into him in just two breaths, and even the clothes on his body became the same as his.

Zhao Hai nodded with satisfaction, and then said to Ning Yu: "Okay, you can go back now. Remember, you must be careful and don't be discovered." Ning Yu responded, and then went to the Xuantie Mine He dived in the direction of Qingyang Sect, but Zhao Hai moved and flew straight in the direction of Qingyang Sect.

Their black iron mine is some distance away from Qingyang Sect. It would be absolutely impossible for Zhao Hai to fly directly to Qingyang Sect, so he did not go to Qingyang Sect, but went directly to Qingyang Sect. Went to a Fangshi near Xuantie Mine, rested there for a night, and then directly took the teleportation array there and entered the Qingyang Sect.

Qingyang Sect has many disciples. Countless disciples go out to do tasks, and countless disciples come back. Therefore, many disciples come in and out of Qingyang Sect every day. As long as he carries the Qingyang Sect's identity card, Qingyang Sect's defensive formation will not react. Of course, they will not know who you are. And Zhao Hai is now dressed as an outer disciple. There are more disciples like this, so naturally they will not Someone noticed him.

After Zhao Hai arrived at Qingyang Sect, he immediately found a place without anyone, and then slowly rushed from the territory to the top of the Wu family's hill. In Qingyang Sect, most of the outer disciples were Whether flying in the sky or using a teleportation array, almost no one will rush on the ground, so walking on the ground will make it even less likely to attract others' attention, because there are many plants on the ground, and people in the sky are It's hard to see yours.

Zhao Hai spent a day from the ground to the top of the Wu family's hill. However, he did not go up the mountain. Instead, he found a place to hide under the corner of the mountain. He paid attention to the Wu family's hilltop and also paid attention to the Wu family's hilltop. With the people of the Wu family, the hilltop of the Wu family was very lively. Zhao Hai slowly sneaked to the foot of the Wu family's mountain, but did not enter the Wu family's manor. Instead, he monitored the Wu family outside the manor.

Soon Zhao Hai verified the people in the manor one by one with those on the information he received. Now the entire Wu family is very busy. The servants are cleaning the manor, and the entire manor has been cleaned. , because the Wu family's family meeting is about to begin, so they must clean it well.

In fact, this family meeting of the Wu family will definitely not only be attended by people from the Wu family, but also some people who are relatively close to the Wu family will also attend. Because of this, the Wu family needs to be well prepared. , you must know that in a family like the Wu family, there are two star masters, which is already very good, not to mention that Wu Fatian is still very young and is very likely to make a breakthrough. As long as Wu Fatian makes a breakthrough, then the Wu family We can definitely go further and reach a higher level.

Zhao Hai was planning to wait until the beginning of the Wu family's family meeting to find an opportunity to sneak into the Wu family. But before that, he had to get a suitable identity for himself. If the Wu family's family meeting was an ordinary Identity, that will definitely work, you must have a certain identity.

As soon as he thought of this, Zhao Hai began to sneak towards the east of Wu Family Manor. Zhao Hai already had some understanding of Wu Family Manor. The Wu Family is now considered a big family, but the Wu Family is also like other Like any family, there are direct descendants of the main family and branch families. The main family usually sits to the west of the Wu Family Manor, or to the east of the Wu Family Manor, and is inhabited by branch families.

Zhao Hai wanted to use the identities of the disciples of the branch families on the east side of the Wu family manor to sneak into the Wu family, and he already had a target. In the Wu family branch family, there was an inconspicuous disciple. This person is twenty-five years old today. , his strength is not strong, and he is still only at the level of a talented person, and his parents have passed away long ago, so no one will pay attention to him. This person's name is Wu Chen, who is the target that Zhao Hai has long chosen.

The reason why Zhao Hai chose Wu Chen was because Wu Chen had a special identity. Although he was not very strong and no one noticed him, he was the health administrator of the Wu Family Sutra Pavilion. It sounds nice to be the health manager, but in fact he is the one who cleans the Wu Jia Zangjing Pavilion.

It is impossible for ordinary people to enter a place like the Sutra Pavilion, so the main disciples of the Wu family can only go in and clean it. However, ordinary disciples, after entering, there is no guarantee that they will not lose their martial arts skills, and this Wu Chen But there is no need to worry about this. The Wu family has tested him a long time ago. His meridians are naturally not suitable for training. Being able to train to the level of a knight is already extraordinary. Even if he has used all the martial arts in the Sutra Pavilion, It's not a big deal if he lost everything he learned, because he couldn't practice at all, so this job was given to him.

In fact, not only the Wu family, but also Zeng Yang's place has some scripture collection pavilions. However, Zeng Yang's scripture collection pavilion is actually his study room. Generally, few people will go in, because Zeng Yang is not passed down by his family. , he is powerful. In just a few decades, he has reached the level of precepts and can open a line. It is passed down through the line, not through the family, just like Yun It's the same as Yangshan.

The Wu family is inherited in a family way. The disciples of their family may study under different people from the Qingyang Sect, but they are all members of the Wu family, so a family like this has its own In the Sutra Pavilion, because not long after the family disciples are born, the family may test them to see what kind of exercises they are suitable for, and let them start learning and lay a good foundation, so that they can also join in the future. Other people's disciples, as long as they have a good foundation, they will also be taken seriously when they join the disciples of other masters. This is the reason why the Wu family can be passed down and has a large Sutra Collection Pavilion.

The Sutra Collection Pavilion of the Wu family is not very far from the main courtyard of the Wu family. Zhao Hai believes that even if the Wu family has any connection with the Qianyuan Sect, the evidence must be placed in the main courtyard, so Wu Chen's identity is very useful to him.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.