c7987 start

Zhao Hai wrote letters to Xiaojiu and the others, also to Wu Yang, and then to Fang Keming, asking them to prepare and wait for his notification. As soon as his notification arrived, they would immediately start from Linyuan Town left. Zhao Hai knew that Zeng Yang was right. If he really put the battlefield in Linyuan Town, Xiaojiu and the others would be in danger. He didn't want Xiaojiu and the others to be in danger. , so they must be allowed to leave.

At the same time, Zhao Hai also sent a letter to Hell Gate, asking the people at Hell Gate to inform Fang Keming that they were leaving. Zhao Hai knew very well that he informed Fang Keming that they were leaving. That was necessary, but reporting to Hell Gate was also necessary, otherwise The people at Hell Gate would know that he had contact with Fang Keming and the others, which would only cause more trouble, so he notified Hell Gate directly.

After finishing all these matters, Zhao Hai took out the Beast King Bead, looked at it carefully, and then took the Beast King Ball in his hand and prepared to practice. However, after thinking about it, he still got up. He set up a magic circle in the quiet room, then sat down, and then started the exercise. The next moment, a giant ape appeared around his body, but the shape of the giant ape changed. It is much smaller and not bigger than this room. This is also because Zhao Hai arranged the magic circle in advance.

The giant ape seemed to be getting bigger and bigger, but soon he began to shrink again, and finally became about the same size as a normal person. At the same time, the hair on his body turned golden, and It became more and more intrusive, and finally the golden ape sat cross-legged there, overlapping with Zhao Hai's figure.

I don't know how long it took, Zhao Hai opened his eyes, but the golden ape disappeared directly. After the golden ape disappeared, Zhao Hai closed his eyes at one time, and then a white crane appeared in the next moment. Appeared around his body. When this white crane first appeared, it was not very large. It was only about one meter high, standing on the same spot, but then it became bigger and bigger. Finally, the white crane turned out to be that big. The whole room is so big and looks unusually powerful.

It was not until this moment that Zhao Hai opened his eyes, and Bai He disappeared immediately. However, Zhao Hai's eyes flashed, and then he lowered his head and glanced at the Beast King Bead in his hand. The Beast King Bead was still the Beast King Bead. , it seemed that there was no change, Zhao Hai couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief, and then murmured: "I really didn't expect that this Beast King Pearl would be so effective. Now my two Dharma Aspects have reached the star level. With Uncle Qi is on the same level, not bad, very good."

Zhao Hai really didn't expect that this Beast King Pearl would be so effective. As soon as he used it, his Dharma Appearance was upgraded to a level. This time he really didn't use his own power, which shows that this Beast King Pearl is indeed very effective. . In fact, Zhao Hai still thinks highly of this Beast King Pearl. Although this Beast King Pearl is effective, it is really not that effective. The reason why Zhao Hai has made such rapid progress is because his foundation is too strong. Even if he doesn't have Using his own strength, he could also make rapid progress, but Zhao Hai didn't think of it for a while.

After taking a look at the Beast King Pearl, Zhao Hai immediately put the Beast King Pearl away. He made a small bag and put the Beast King Pearl in his pocket. This was actually for others to see. If Zeng Yang asked about it in the future, He could also take out the Beast King Pearl and show it to Zeng Yang, then there would be no problem.

However, Zhao Hai did not leave the quiet room, but sat in the quiet room, quietly thinking about what happened this time. To be honest, he originally thought that with his strength, if he wanted to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, he would need more It took a lot of time, and it was still difficult to do it with his strength alone. He was preparing how to persuade Zeng Yang to help him deal with the Yang Fu lineage, but he did not expect that Zeng Yang Instead, they found him first.

Zhao Hai was really surprised by this matter. He felt that this matter was a bit weird. The order given to him by Hell Sect was a bit weird. The reaction of Qingyang Sect was a bit weird. The reaction of Yangfu lineage was also a bit weird. Hell Sect Let’s not talk about the order. Qingyang Sect’s reaction was indeed a bit unexpected by Zhao Hai. He never expected that Qingyang Sect would make a decision in such a short period of time. The Yang Fu lineage must be destroyed, and it seems to be the head of Qingfeng's descendants, but why would Qingfeng's descendants do this? Is it really because he hates evil as much as he hates it? It doesn't seem possible, there seems to be something else going on here, so Zhao Hai said that Qingyang Sect's reaction was really weird.

In addition to the reaction of the Qingyang Sect, there is another thing that is also very strange, and that is the reaction of the Yangfu lineage. If the people of the Yangfu lineage are really people who transcend people, then why are they still there now? No reaction? Don't they know that Qingyang Sect is going to deal with them? If they don’t even know this, are they still worthy of becoming people who save others? It can be said that there is a hint of weirdness about the whole thing.

But Zhao Hai didn't say anything. Anyway, now that things have reached this point, he can only move forward step by step. He believes that he will know the truth in the end, and Zhao Hai feels that he may have already He knew part of the truth, but this truth was a bit scary, and he still couldn't believe it.

After staying in the quiet room for three days, Zhao Hai walked out of the quiet room, and then went directly to Zeng Yang's small building, ready to ask for an audience. Soon a servant took Zhao Hai to the small building. In the building, as for the servants here in the small building, some of them Zhao Hai has met before. They were all recruited into the Xuanfu lineage by Uncle Qi a long time ago and have been carefully trained. It can be said that these servants are the seven servants. Uncle Qi's team is also the group of people who are most loyal to Zeng Yang. This is why Zeng Yang still has so many available people after Uncle Qi was injured and fell down.

Zhao Hai followed the servant to Zeng Yang's room. As soon as he entered the room, Zhao Hai saluted Zeng Yang and said, "Meet Master." Zeng Yang was sitting there reading a book. In fact, Zhao Hai had met Zeng Yang. Several times, he spent most of his time reading here. Zhao Hai didn't know what he was reading, but Zeng Yang read it very seriously every time.

Zeng Yang put down the book in his hand, glanced at Zhao Hai, smiled slightly and said, "Is something wrong?" Zeng Yang was very satisfied with Zhao Hai, so naturally he was not so polite when speaking to Zhao Hai, so he directly He just asked, so although what he said didn't seem very polite, his tone was very good.

Zhao Hai immediately said in a deep voice: "Master, I am ready and can carry out my actions at any time." Of course what Zhao Hai was talking about was the plan to lure the enemy into the urn. In fact, he had prepared it three days ago. , but in order not to let others know that he was ready so quickly, he waited for another three days.

Zeng Yang was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. He said with bright eyes: "Okay, great, does that mean we can carry out our plan?" Zeng Yang knew very clearly. , this time the protagonist is actually Zhao Hai, so he asked this question.

Zhao Hai nodded and said: "Yes, Master, you can do it at any time." Zhao Hai didn't panic, they could indeed carry out their plans at any time. Zhao Hai is so sure that he dare not say anything about other places, but he has absolute control over Linyuan Town.

Zeng Yang nodded and said: "Okay, let's start taking action tomorrow. As soon as you arrive at Linyuan Town, give me the news. I will report the matter directly. At the same time, you have to leave a coordinate , remember, don’t ask for the coordinates of Linyuan Town." Zhao Hai responded, Zeng Yang waved his hand, Zhao Hai saluted Zeng Yang, turned around and left.

He understood the meaning of Zeng Yang's words just now. He was not allowed to give the coordinates of Linyuan Town. He wanted to give him the coordinates of a place closer to Linyuan Town. If they really fought, they could go directly to Linyuan from there. Town, if you teleport directly to Linyuan Town, not only will it arouse suspicion, but if there is a fight, I am afraid that the coordinates will not be able to be used.

After Zhao Hai left, Zeng Yang immediately went to Qingfengzi's cave and reported the matter directly to Qingfengzi. Qingfengzi just nodded, then waved his hand and let Zeng Yang leave. Zeng Yang Knowing that Aomengzi already knew their decision, he didn't need to say anything.

Early the next morning, Zhao Hai directly used the portable teleportation array to leave Xuanfu Cave and went to Linyuan Town. After Zhao Hai left, Xiao Shui spread the news of Zhao Hai's departure, but this time Xiao Shui Shui only spread the news about Zhao Hai after accepting his order.

Xiao Shui used to be a member of the Wu family. Now that the Wu family is gone, Xiao Shui has sincerely followed Zhao Hai. But this time, Zhao Hai thought he could take advantage of Xiao Shui's identity, so he told Xiao Shui After talking for a while, Xiao Shui was asked to spread the news. If Xiao Shui spread the news, maybe people from the Yang Fu lineage would be more likely to believe it.

Of course, Zeng Yang and the others will definitely spread the news, but Zhao Hai will not completely trust them, so he used Xiao Shui's move. Sometimes, if a move is made well, it will be a big deal. Xiao Shui's previous identity is of great use to Zhao Hai now.

Zhao Hai no longer cares about what kind of reaction Qingyang Sect will have. He has now returned to Linyuan Town. As soon as he appeared in Linyuan Town, Xiao Jiu and the others came up to meet him. Zhao Hai fought hard with Xiao Jiu. Jiu and the others hugged each other, and then followed everyone directly into the room.

The weather is already very cold now, especially here in Linyuan Town, which is closest to the endless abyss, so it is also extremely cold. What is even more hateful is that the cooling here is dry and cold, and it almost never snows. This kind of weather is ultimately cold, even colder than snow.

Zhao Hai entered the room and found that a fire had been lit in the room. The temperature in the room was not low. This also reassured Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai knew that there were many old and weak people here in Linyuan Town. If the weather was too If it was cold, they might have problems, but now that he looked at the situation in the room, he was relieved. At least the situation here is very good now. This winter should not be too difficult for those people.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.