c7985 plan

Although Zhao Hai is full of wits and has seen all kinds of things, he still miscalculated one thing this time, and that is the status of immortal masters in Wanshan Realm. Although Zhao Hai knows that Qingfeng Zi's ​​status in Qingyang Sect is very high, but he doesn't know what a master like Qingfengzi means to a sect like Qingyang Sect, let alone what Qingfengzi is like. How high is the status of a person in Qingyang Sect?

To put it bluntly, Qingfengzi's status in the Qingyang Sect is probably not much worse than his status in the Blood Killing Sect, because what is Qingfengzi? It is Qingyang Sect's Dinghai Shenzhen. Although Qingyang Sect has five masters like Qingfengzi, these five people usually don't care about the sect's affairs at all. Not to mention, Qingfengzi is among the five people. The youngest one.

Being the youngest means that he can live longer and have a better chance of ascending. Although Qingfengzi now looks like his hair, beard and eyebrows are all white, he is still the youngest among several immortal-level masters. , and the one most likely to ascend.

The further you go in monk training, the more difficult it becomes. For example, the third level is actually very easy for ordinary sect disciples to achieve. If they are really disciples born in the sect, then twenty If you cannot reach the level of three talents before the age of 18, you are basically a traitor. This person has no potential and can be directly classified as a waste.

Among ordinary sects, even for disciples with average talent, it is normal for them to reach the Disha level before the age of two hundred. It is also very normal for them to reach the ordination level before the age of five hundred. A senior level master can generally live to be around 1,500 to 2,000 years old if he doesn't encounter any accidents.

However, many masters of the precept level cannot reach the Zhou Tian level in their lifetime. It can be said that the precept level is the real hurdle. Many monks are blocked from this hurdle, and even if they enter the Zhou Tian level, It is almost impossible to reach the Heaven level and the Immortal level. It can be said that among the 10,000 Zhou Tian level masters, not one of them will reach the Immortal level.

Therefore, an immortal-level master is definitely an extremely powerful being for a sect, and Qingfengzi is an immortal-level master. He is definitely a figure like the Dinghai Shenzhen in Qingyang Sect. It can be said that he is In Qingyang Sect, it is absolutely possible to tell the truth.

Just when Zhao Hai was still thinking about how to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, Qingfengzi had already made up his mind to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, and he had received support from the top of the sect, but now they still Lacking an excuse, it is almost impossible to destroy a force like Yang Fu's lineage just by relying on that projection, so we must find another way.

Some people may think that there is no need to go to such trouble. A supreme elder agreed, and the senior leaders of the sect also supported it. Isn't it easy to deal with a disciple of the same lineage? This is not the case. In Qingyang Sect, forces like the Yangfu lineage are not so easy to deal with. Even Qingfengzi cannot just say that he will destroy the disciples of this lineage. If it is destroyed, there must be evidence, because no matter what, the Yang Fu lineage has a strong influence in the sect.

However, no matter how influential the Yang Fu lineage is, it cannot be as influential as a Supreme Elder. Qingfengzi decided to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, and the senior leaders of the sect also agreed, so there was nothing to say. Okay, the rest is just a formality, it just needs some evidence on the surface, something for others to see.

What if no evidence can be collected? It would be better to create evidence directly, so after Qingfengzi settled the matter, he returned directly to his cave, and then called Zeng Yang to the cave. Zeng Yang had also been waiting for news about Qingfengzi. Now as soon as he heard that Qingfengzi was looking for him, he immediately arrived at Qingfengzi's cave.

After arriving at Qingfengzi's cave, Zeng Yang saluted Qingfengzi, Qingfengzi waved his hand, and then said to Qingfengzi: "Zeng Yang, the sect has begun to investigate the Yangfu lineage, but it is done in secret. Yes, but now there is no direct evidence to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, do you have any ideas?"

When Zeng Yang heard what Qingfengzi said, he couldn't help but feel relieved and happy at the same time. He was still very happy about this matter. In any case, as long as Qingfengzi really decided to deal with the Yangfu lineage, then Qi Uncle's revenge could be avenged. It was precisely because of this thought that Zeng Yang was so happy, but he still understood what Qingfengzi meant, and he said to Qingfengzi: "I wonder what Master thinks? Zeng Yang will definitely do as he is told."

Qingfengzi nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "If we really talk about this matter, it is really not simple. When I was investigating the Yangfu lineage, I discovered that people from the Yangfu lineage, Over the years, we have been purposefully infiltrating the entire sect. Now many departments in the sect all have Yang Fu lineage, so now if we want to collect evidence of the Yang Fu lineage, we must do it in secret. OK."

Zeng Yang was stunned for a moment, and then he immediately understood what Qingfengzi meant. He looked at Qingfengzi and said, "Master, is it not just the Wu family that is controlled by the Yangfu lineage?" Zeng Yang knew very clearly. , there are many families in the Qingyang Sect now. If the Wu family is not the only one controlled by the Yangfu lineage, that means that people from the Yangfu lineage want to use seed control methods to control the family in their own sect. Within the sect, an extremely powerful force has been cultivated, and the consequences will be very serious.

This also made Zeng Yang understand. No wonder the people of the sect would directly agree to deal with the people of the Yang Fu lineage. It must be because he discovered these actions of the Yang Fu lineage when he was investigating the Yang Fu lineage. If the Yang Fu lineage continues to develop like this, their status will be threatened, so they decided to deal with the people of the Yang Fu lineage.

Qingfengzi looked at Zeng Yang, and then said in a deep voice: "As long as you understand, it is precisely because of this that I said that we must get direct evidence of Yang Fu's lineage before we can deal with them, so those If the family doesn’t dare to mess around, we can get rid of all the people of Yang Fu’s lineage, but this direct evidence is not so easy to obtain.”

Zeng Yang thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Master, how can we obtain this direct evidence? If it is just ordinary evidence, I am afraid that people from the Yang Fu lineage will not be able to do anything about it, right?" Zeng Yang knew very well. , if you want to deal with a force like the Yang Fu lineage, you must have sufficient evidence, but such evidence is not so easy to obtain.

Qingfengzi said solemnly: "I wonder what the charge of murdering the true disciple is? With this charge, we can directly investigate the Yangfu lineage and deal with them directly." Qingfengzi looked calm. Zeng Yang was stunned by his words.

Then Zeng Yang looked at Qingfengzi with some confusion and said: "Master, do you mean to let people from the Yangfu lineage murder a true disciple?" Zeng Yang almost understood what Qingfengzi meant, but he He didn't say it clearly. He was very clear about what Qingfengzi meant. The so-called murder of the true disciple, that true disciple must be alive to be a witness, and Qingfengzi told him so, that is, he wanted him to do this. This is a matter of fact, and he only has one true disciple in his hands.

Qingfengzi said in a deep voice: "That's what it means. What do you think?" Qingfengzi also understood that Zeng Yang already knew what he meant. To be honest, Qingfengzi also admired Zhao Hai very much because he already knew. What happened to the Wu family was actually caused by Zhao Hai, and it was Zhao Hai's contribution, so he wanted Zhao Hai to do it.

It can be said that everything about the Wu family is all because of Zhao Hai, and the people of Yang Fu's lineage must also know this. They also know that Zhao Hai recognized Yang Ming and the others, so as long as there is a chance, Yang Fu will People from the Yangfu lineage will definitely take action against Zhao Hai. If it were anyone else, people from the Yangfu lineage might not take action. After all, so many things have happened to Qingyang Sect recently. People from the Yangfu lineage, It has to be low-key.

But Zhao Hai is different. Zhao Hai has something from the Yang Fu lineage. It can be said that Zhao Hai is a witness. Although people from the Yang Fu lineage think that Zhao Hai and the others don’t have any direct clues. It's impossible to do anything to them with the evidence, but always leaving such a witness hanging around is not a good thing for people of Yang Fu's lineage.

It is precisely because of this that once the people of the Yang Fu lineage know that Zhao Hai has any chance of being alone, they are afraid that they will take action against Zhao Hai immediately. Then they will naturally catch him. In that case, they will We can check the Yang Fu lineage openly, so this is just a plan to lure the snake out of its hole.

But this plan is really too dangerous for Zhao Hai. If he doesn't get it right, Zhao Hai might be killed by people from Yang Fu's lineage, and Zeng Yang really doesn't want anything to happen to Zhao Hai. But Qingfengzi said so, and Zeng Yang had no right to refuse.

When he thought of this, Zeng Yang immediately said: "Yes, Master, I understand. I will make arrangements when I get back. Please rest assured, Master." Zeng Yang knew that Zhao Hai must take action on this matter, otherwise , I am afraid that no one can succeed, and if Zhao Hai really does this well, then he will be considered to be in the eyes of the big guys in the sect, which will be more beneficial to his future development.

Qingfengzi nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Go, that disciple of yours is not bad. Compared with the few disciples before you, he is much better. Disciples like this must be trained well. This Take it and leave it for him to save his life." After saying that, he threw a jade plaque to Zeng Yang.

Zeng Yang took the jade token and took a look and found that it turned out to be a jade talisman. This jade talisman was made by Qingfengzi, so its power was naturally not small. When he thought of this, Zeng Yang couldn't help but envy Zhao Hai. You must know that even if he keeps this jade talisman for life-saving purposes, it is probably enough, let alone Zhao Hai.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.