c7986 Beast King Pearl

Zeng Yang put away the jade talisman, and then said: "Master, there is one more thing that the disciple has not said about Zhao Ying. Zhao Ying is a person chosen by God. He can now use two kinds of magic signs. One is His original giant ape form, and the other one is the white crane form taught by his disciples."

When Qingfengzi heard what Zeng Yang said, he was stunned at first, then his expression couldn't help but move, and then he said: "Oh? He is actually a person chosen by God? This is very rare, he is a physical practitioner, If a practitioner's White Crane Dharma is so fast, it means that he is very selective in practicing what you teach him. This is a good thing for you. Your mantle has also been passed down, but the person chosen by God, If you really want to become a top master, it's not that easy. Let's give this thing to him and let him take it with him. It may be of some benefit to him." After saying this, Qingfeng moved his hand and A bead the size of a longan appeared in his hand, and he threw it to Zeng Yang.

Zeng Yang took the bead Qingfengzi threw to him, took a look at it, and couldn't help but be stunned. Then his expression couldn't help but change: "Master, this one is the Beast King Bead, do you really want to give it to Zhao Ying?" "No wonder Kai Yang is so surprised. You must know that the Beast King Pearl is not an ordinary thing. In Wanshan Realm, what is the Beast King? Only those who are powerful enough to be on par with the Zhoutian-level masters of the monks can be called the Beast King. If their strength is not up to this level, they are not qualified to be called the Beast King at all. The Beast King Ball is actually the Beast King's eyeball. After refining, it becomes the Beast King Pearl.

It is very strange to say that after the Beast King dies, everything else on his body may disappear quickly, except for his eyeballs. Instead, his eyeballs will become crystal clear. As long as he passes by After refining, it can become the Beast King Bead, and this Beast King Bead is of great help to monks. If a monk who has cultivated the beast form and the Dharma, and carries the Beast King Bead with him, it will be helpful to your Dharma practice. But it is very beneficial and will make your cultivation improve rapidly.

It can be said that this is a treasure, a real treasure, but I didn't expect that now Qingfengzi would give it to Zhao Hai, let alone Zhao Hai, even he would be moved when he saw this treasure. It is precisely because of this, so He only asked this question because he knew very well that Qingfengzi's Dharma Appearance was also in the shape of a beast, but his Dharma Appearance was not a white crane, but a divine beast named Zhulong.

This is also the reason why Qingfengzi keeps his eyes closed all the time, because his Dharma form is a candle dragon. The candle dragon closes his eyes for night and opens his eyes for day. If Qingfengzi opens his eyes, it means that he is going to fight. , he closed his eyes. Although he was very strong, it meant that he was not serious.

Even if he has his eyes closed, he can clearly see everything outside. Even if he has his eyes closed, you seem to be able to feel the changes in his eyes. Therefore, when people face Aomengzi, they often Forget that he has his eyes closed and just think of him as normal.

Although it is said that Qingfengzi's Dharma form is a divine beast, the Beast King Pearl is also of great help to his Dharma form. It is precisely because of this that Zeng Yang was so surprised. He really didn't understand why Qingfengzi The son will give this Beast King Pearl to Zhao Hai.

Qingfengzi looked at Zeng Yang, smiled slightly and said: "Give it to Zhao Ying. Zhao Ying's talent is very good, and he practices the beast form. This Beast King Pearl will be very helpful to him. Give it to him." Well, if he can really grow up, your lineage will flourish in his hands."

Zeng Yang nodded and responded. Qingfengzi waved his hand. Zeng Yang bowed, turned around and exited Qingfengzi's cave, and returned to his own small building. When he arrived in his own small building, he thought about it. During the meeting with Qingfengzi today, he couldn't help but sigh. He knew that Qingfengzi had a really good impression of Zhao Hai. Otherwise, it would be impossible to give Zhao Hai a good jade talisman, let alone Zhao Hai. Beast King Pearl.

But he never thought about keeping these things in his own hands. If Qingfengzi knew that he kept these things in his own hands, it would be of no benefit to him. , Qingfengzi would punish him if he failed. Even if he was not punished, his impression would not be good, so Zeng Yang would not keep these things for himself, and would definitely give them to Zhao Hai.

But then I thought about it, if Zhao Hai really succeeded, it would definitely be a good thing for him. In any case, Zhao Hai is from his lineage. If Zhao Hai's strength increases, then his As his pulse increases, his strength will also increase, which is of course a good thing for him.

After sending someone to call Zhao Hai, Zeng Yang sat down at the desk and waited quietly for Zhao Hai's arrival. After a while, Zhao Hai came to the small building. He glanced at Zeng Yang sitting there and immediately stepped forward. He saluted and said: "Meet Master." Zhao Hai still respected Zeng Yang very much, so every time he saw Zeng Yang, he would salute in a very polite manner.

Zeng Yang looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Sit down." Zhao Hai responded, then walked directly to a chair aside and sat down. After Zhao Hai sat down, Zeng Yang looked at Zhao Hai and said: " Zhao Ying, you should also know about the Yangfu lineage. The Yangfu lineage dared to attack Xiaoqi this time. This has already established an undying feud with us. We must deal with them. You don't have it. What’s your opinion?”

Zhao Hai quickly said: "No, this disciple has always wanted to avenge Uncle Qi. People from Yang Fu's lineage not only protected the Wu family, but also almost killed Uncle Qi. To us, It is absolutely unforgivable. If given the chance, this disciple will definitely avenge Uncle Seventh."

Zhao Hai is now having a headache on how to deal with the Yang Fu lineage and complete the task of Hell Gate, so of course he will say this so that when he has the opportunity to deal with the Yang Fu lineage in the future, no one will doubt Zhao Hai. Hai is very clear that there are actually many problems with his identity, which will definitely arouse the suspicion of some people. It is precisely because of this that when he does things now, he likes to do things perfectly. Only in this way can he avoid Flaws will be discovered.

Zeng Yang nodded and said: "Okay, now I have an opportunity for you. I don't know if you dare to do it." Zeng Yang just wanted Zhao Hai to say something right, because he had already discovered that he is really Some people can't see through his disciple, so he just wants Zhao Hai to say something right. Zhao Hai must be of the same mind as him.

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, and then he couldn't help but feel happy. Hearing Zeng Yang's words, he meant that he was allowed to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, and he would also be given help. Of course, he would not let go of such an opportunity. Yes, he knew very well that Zeng Yang would say this, which meant that Qingfengzi must also be ready to take action. If Qingfengzi was not ready to take action and did not give Zeng Yang a message, Zeng Yang would never follow suit like this. He said it.

So Zhao Hai didn't even think about it, and immediately said: "But deal with the Yang Fu lineage? I am willing!" Zhao Hai said directly that he was willing, and his reaction made Zeng Yang very satisfied. In Zeng Yang's view, Come on, Zhao Hai is of the same mind as him, and he sincerely regards himself as a member of the Xuanfu lineage, so he does this.

Zeng Yang nodded, and then told Zhao Hai what Qing Fengzi meant. Finally, he said to Zhao Hai: "So this action is actually risky. We will deal with you this time, but Yang Fuyi pulse, so you must be careful." Zeng Yang must explain the matter clearly to Zhao Hai. If Zhao Hai doesn't pay attention, it will be even more dangerous.

After hearing Zeng Yang's plan, Zhao Hai thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Yes, Master, I understand. Master, you also know that before I joined the Qingyang Sect, I was just a casual student in a small town. Xiu, my disciple wants to put the battlefield there, so I will go directly to that small town. If people from the Yang Fu lineage know about it, they will definitely deal with me. Then we can deal with them. I don’t know what Master thinks. ?”

Zeng Yang thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's do it this way, but wouldn't that small town be dangerous? Have you really decided to put the battlefield there?" Zeng Yang really did What I didn't expect was that Zhao Hai decided to put the battlefield there. You must know that that is Zhao Hai's home. If he really doesn't care about the life and death of the people there, then Zeng Yang must be careful when getting along with Zhao Hai in the future. Damn it, he doesn't even care about the life and death of his own family, and you want him to care about the life and death of others in the future? That is absolutely impossible.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Master, we haven't been out of the Xuanfu Cave very much since Uncle Qi's accident. If I run out hastily, it will definitely arouse the suspicion of the Yangfu lineage. Then I will only It will be even more troublesome, but if I go back to Linyuan Town, they won't be suspicious, and if I pretend to go back secretly, they will be even less suspicious. As for the Ancient Sword Gang It will be easier to deal with the people, I can just let them go out and hide in advance, and then let them go back after we deal with the people of the Yang Fu lineage."

Hearing what Zhao Hai said, Zeng Yang nodded secretly. Zhao Hai said so, it makes sense. He nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, prepare yourself, when will you start this plan? Inform me so that we can make some preparations in advance. By the way, these two things were given to you by your master. This jade slip is left for you to save your life. As for this bead, it is called the Beast King Bead. Do you want it? Keeping it with you at all times will be very beneficial to your practice."

Zhao Hai responded quickly and stretched out his hand to take the two items. He could tell at a glance that the jade talisman was a very powerful magic weapon and indeed a good life-saving thing. As for the Beast King Pearl, Zhao Hai Hai took it in his hand and took a look at it, and immediately knew that this was indeed a good thing, and it would indeed be of great help to his practice. This also gave Zhao Hai a reminder that it turned out that This kind of thing containing the blood of powerful monsters is very helpful for the training of animal forms. It seems that it can be tested in the Blood Killing Sect in the future. If it really works, it will be useful for the Blood Killing Sect. It's very helpful. Anyway, it's not difficult for Zhao Hai to get something like this.