c7983 Order

But it is a pity that what Zhao Hai said in Qingyang Sect does not count, it is nothing. In this case, it will be difficult for him to deal with people of the Yang Fu lineage, so he is really There is no good way. If he doesn't get the support of Zeng Yang and others, there is absolutely nothing he can do with the people of Yang Fu's lineage.

When Zhao Hai was thinking about these things, he heard someone knocking on the door of the quiet room. Zhao Hai couldn't help but frowned slightly. When he was in the quiet room, ordinary people were not allowed to disturb him. His, unless there was something particularly important, someone knocked on the door now, which made him a little unhappy. He immediately opened the door of the quiet room. When he saw Xiao Jin standing outside, he couldn't help but frown slightly. He frowned and said, "What's the matter?"

Xiao Jin also saw that Zhao Hai was unhappy, so he immediately said: "Master, Mr. Wang Xing wants to see you." Xiao Jin also knew Zhao Hai's rules. He was from Wu Yang, so he was also the most loyal to Zhao Hai. Now naturally he told Zhao Hai the matter directly, and Zhao Hai was slightly stunned after hearing what he said.

Wang Xing is the spy of Hell Sect in Qingyang Sect. The two of them had no contact before. This time, Zhao Hai took advantage of the opportunity to get closer to Wang Xing. Unexpectedly, Wang Xing came directly to the door. Zhao Hai couldn't help but be stunned for a moment, and then he said in a deep voice: "Ask him to wait in the living room." Xiao Jin responded, turned around and left.

Zhao Hai tidied his clothes and then walked slowly to the living room. When he arrived in the living room, he saw Wang Xing sitting in the living room. As soon as he saw Zhao Hai come in, Wang Xing stood up immediately. , bowed to Zhao Hai and said: "Greetings to senior brother, please excuse me for taking the liberty of visiting."

Zhao Hai returned the gift and said with a smile: "Junior brother, you're welcome, Xiao Shui, some tea." Xiao Shui responded, brought two cups of tea, gave one to Zhao Hai and Wang Xing, and then Zhao Hai said: " Okay, you all go outside and wait, don't come in unless I tell you." Xiao Shui responded, then turned and left.

After Xiao Shui left, Zhao Hai looked at Wang Xing and said: "Junior Brother Wang, I don't know what happened if you came to me this time?" Zhao Hai knew that Wang Xing would never come to him at this time. They just came to visit him, so there must be something going on, and he asked directly without being polite.

Wang Xing really didn't expect that Zhao Hai would be so direct. He quickly said: "Senior brother, I really have nothing to do with my visit this time. I just want to visit senior brother." He hadn't finished speaking yet. , was interrupted by Zhao Hai waving his hand. Wang Xing looked at the playful smile on Zhao Hai's face, and couldn't help but feel a sudden shock in his heart.

Zhao Hai looked at Wang Xing and said in a deep voice: "Junior Brother Wang, we do not speak secretly in front of people. I know who you are, and you also know who I am. Today I am taking advantage of this opportunity to pull The distance between you and me has been shortened, so that you can have opportunities and excuses to visit me in the future, but you can't waste such opportunities casually. If you always come to visit me, it will arouse others' suspicion. , or Junior Brother, is there really something wrong with you?"

Wang Xing was stunned for a moment, then he took a deep look at Zhao Hai, and then said in a deep voice: "Senior brother said that, so I won't be polite anymore. I know what senior brother is, and what I am, Senior brother also knows everything, so I will hide it from him. Senior brother, you are in Qingyang Sect and your development is going smoothly. Do you still want to be restricted by others?" Wang Xing said this. When he came, he stared at Zhao Hai with both eyes.

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he was stunned for a moment, but then he looked at Wang Xing with fixed eyes and said in a deep voice: "What do you mean by this? Do you mean that you dare to betray?" Zhao Hai kept saying They didn't say who they were going to betray, nor did they say that the two were working together. In addition, no one could overhear here. Zhao Hai could also be sure that Wang Xing didn't have anything like a projection jade slip on him, so He wasn't worried that what the two said would spread, but he was still cautious.

Wang Xing looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Brother, why don't you tell the truth in front of me? Yes, I am a member of the Hell Sect, and it was the Hell Sect that sent me to Qingyang Sect, but to tell the truth , after I joined the Qingyang Sect, everything I had had to rely on myself. Not only could the Hell Gate not give me any help, it had actually become a hidden danger for me. The most important thing is that Hell Gate The Hell Gate will often give me some very dangerous orders, and this time, the Hell Gate also gave you an order, senior brother, but I don’t know if you dare to accept it, senior brother." After saying that, he took out a jade slip, Put it on the coffee table next to him.

Zhao Hai looked at the jade slip placed on the coffee table next to Wang Xing and couldn't help being slightly stunned. Then he said in a deep voice: "Is this an order for me? But if this is an order for me, why is it in your hand?" Inside?" Zhao Hai really didn't receive the order from Hell Gate, so he asked like this.

Wang Xing said in a deep voice: "This is not an order given to you by the door, but an order given to me. However, this order given to me contains the content of an order given to you. You have not received the order now, maybe it is just Because the sect has not given you an order yet, I think the sect will definitely give you an order in the future, and it will be given to you soon.

As soon as Wang Xing finished speaking, Zhao Hai felt a flash of light on the teleportation array where he was in contact with the Hell Gate, and a jade slip appeared on the teleportation array. Zhao Hai's eyes flashed, and then With a move of his hand, he took the jade slip in his hand, and his spiritual power directly entered the jade slip.

When Wang Xing saw Zhao Hai's actions, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then a smile appeared on his face. He didn't expect that the people from Hell Gate would be so cooperative and gave Zhao Hai orders at this stage. , after he received the order from Hell Gate, he found that this mission was too difficult, so he came to find Zhao Hai, but he did not expect that Zhao Hai had not received the order yet. Now he saw that Zhao Hai was in front of him. When he looked at the jade slip, he knew that this should be the order Hell Gate had just given to Zhao Hai, so he was not in a hurry. He wanted to see what Zhao Hai would be like when he saw this order. What a reaction.

Zhao Hai read the content of the order, then destroyed the jade slip directly. He glanced at it and looked at the jade star and said, "What is the mission of junior brother? Can you tell me?" Zhao Hai really wanted to know, Wang What kind of order did Xing receive that made him take the risk of finding her?

Wang Xing glanced at Zhao Hai, then moved his hand, and the jade slip placed on the coffee table flew directly towards Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai reached out and took the jade slip, and then heard Wang Xing say: "Senior brother, I'm still on my own Let's take a look." Zhao Hai glanced at Wang Xing, then used his spiritual power to explore the jade slip, and then destroyed the jade slip.

Wang Xing looked at Zhao Hai's actions, but his eyes flashed, but he didn't say anything, he just sat there quietly. Zhao Hai looked at Wang Xing and said: "The door really thinks highly of us, and even let the two of us To deal with the Yang Fu lineage, it seems that they know that our Xuanfu lineage cannot deal with the Yang Fu lineage, so they let us deal with the Yang Fu lineage, but do they know how strong the Yang Fu lineage is? Strength? You actually let the two of us deal with the Yang Fu lineage? Do you want us to die?"

Wang Xing said solemnly: "I don't know that the big shot in the door came up with such an idea as soon as he hit his head. In terms of strength, the Yangfu lineage is stronger than our Xuanfu lineage, unless it is The Patriarch takes action, otherwise, it would be impossible for us to deal with Yang Fu's lineage, but just the two of us, how can we ask the Patriarch to take action, it's really a joke."

Zhao Hai nodded, then looked at Wang Xing and said: "I heard what you said before, you no longer have any good impression of Menli. Do you want to leave Menli from now on? You should also know the strength of Menli. , if we really talk about it, the strength of the sect will not be much worse than Qingyang Sect, right? Do you really dare to do this? "

Wang Xing looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Brother, it's not whether I dare to do it or not, but I have to do it. You have also seen the sect's order this time. What is the sect's order this time? Is it possible for us to complete the task? If we fail to complete the task, we will be punished. Instead of that, it is better for us to leave the door directly. "

Zhao Hai shook his head and said: "It won't be that easy. You want to get out of the forehead, but you think you can get out of the door? There may not be any way to deal with those powerful masters in the door, but with the strength of you and me, It’s not like they haven’t dealt with them before, so now is not the time to leave the door.”

Wang Xing was stunned. He mustered up the courage to come to Zhao Hai today. He was taking risks because he felt that the order given to them by Hell Gate was simply to make things difficult for them. It was precisely because of this that he He would think about escaping from the Hell Gate, but now that he heard what Zhao Hai said, he felt that he was a little reckless this time.

Zhao Hai looked at Wang Xing and said: "Before we have no strength, we have no way to escape from the door, otherwise we will only die. As for this order, we will do it next, but we have to send a letter to the door and put it in Report the situation of the Yang Fu lineage to the door and tell the door how strong the Yang Fu lineage is, which is beyond our ability."

Wang Xing did not speak, and Zhao Hai then said: "If the door must let us complete this task, then we can only delay it. Failure to complete the task, and directly defecting from the door, are two different things, so you don't Now that we have such an idea, such an idea is definitely not a good thing for us."

Wang Xing sighed, saluted Zhao Hai and said: "Yes, senior brother, I understand, I won't say anything like this in the future." Wang Xing originally wanted to escape from the Hell Gate with Zhao Hai, he knew that, If he escapes from the Hell Gate on his own, the people at the Hell Gate will definitely not let him go, but if he escapes with Zhao Hai, it might be better.

But Zhao Hai didn't want to leave the Hell Gate, and after hearing what Zhao Hai said, he also felt that it was not easy to escape from the Hell Gate, so he backed down, so he saluted Zhao Hai. Then, he continued: "Senior brother, I will go back first."

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.