c7981 evidence

Zhao Hai has long been waiting for an opportunity to establish his authority. He knows that many of Zeng Yang's registered disciples are dissatisfied with him and think that he is just a dead soldier. Now he has suddenly become Zeng Yang's true disciple, so he treats him He was very dissatisfied. Zhao Hai wanted to find an opportunity to establish his power directly, but there was never a suitable opportunity, but this time the opportunity was just right. To kill Tong Buyu, as long as he found him and If there is evidence of collusion between the Wu family, then nothing will happen to him, and Zeng Yang will not blame him.

Zeng Yang hated the Wu family so much. If he knew that Tong Buyu was from the Wu family, he would definitely kill Tong Buyu with his own hands. Now Zhao Hai is just using Tong Buyu to establish his authority. In this way, not only will he not If something happened, Zeng Yang would pay attention to it. At the same time, he also used this opportunity to bring Senior Brother Wang from Hell Sect to him.

He has not had any contact with Senior Brother Wang these days. He believes that Senior Brother Wang already knows his identity. Compared with him, Senior Brother Wang should be trusted by Hell Gate more. If he has not been Contact with that Senior Brother Wang might arouse the suspicion of Hell Gate. Now that he had this opportunity, of course he would not let it go.

After a while, Zeng Yang and Le Wenzhen came to the scene. His face was very ugly. He had told Qingfengzi about the accident with Uncle Qi before. Qingfengzi was also furious. They were almost sure that this time The injury of Uncle Qi must have something to do with the Yangfu lineage, but they couldn't tell it. It was precisely because of this that they became even more angry, and Qingfengzi had to think about it in the long term.

Zeng Yang was also angry because of this incident. He and Qi Shu had a very good relationship. They were called master and servant, but they were as close as brothers. Qi Shu was so seriously injured this time, how could he not He was angry, but he couldn't take revenge even though he knew who the enemy was. This made him even more annoyed, but there was nothing he could do.

As soon as he returned to Xuanfu Cave, he heard Le Wenzhen say that they had found the place where Qi Shu and You had a fight, so they followed Le Wenzhen directly. As soon as he arrived here, he didn't wait for him to speak. , Zhao Hai bowed to Zeng Yang and said in a deep voice: "Greetings to the master, please punish me. I just killed senior brother Tong Buyu because of impulse, please punish me."

When Zeng Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. Then his face couldn't help but darken. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, "What is going on? Zhao Ying, I know you are not an impulsive person. Carefully Tell me." Zeng Yang was indeed a little angry. Tong Buyu was an outer disciple that he was quite optimistic about, but now he was killed by Zhao Hai. Of course he would be a little angry, if not for the fact that he really liked Zhao Hai. , and from several contacts with Zhao Hai, I also know that Zhao Hai is not an impulsive person, I am afraid that he is not just a little angry now.

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "In reply to Master, I went out with everyone today to find the location where Uncle Seven was attacked, but at this time, Tong Buyu was still there to sow discord with my senior brother Le, The disciple was very suspicious that he might have bad intentions, so he warned him. Unexpectedly, he actually provoked me, so the disciple couldn't hold back for a while and took action directly." Zhao Hai didn't have much explanation. He directly told the general story of what happened.

At this time, Wang Xing was seen returning. Wang Xing was Senior Brother Wang. Behind him were several registered disciples. As soon as they flew back here, they immediately saluted Zeng Yang when they saw him. Said: "Meet the Master." They were very obedient, but it also made Zeng Yang frown. Zeng Yang looked at Wang Xing and said: "Wang Xing, what have you been doing? Why are you here now?"

Without waiting for Wang Xing to answer, Zhao Hai said: "Replying to Master, the disciple asked Senior Brother Wang to go to Senior Brother Tong's residence to see if he could find anything useful. The disciple suspected that there was something wrong with Senior Brother Tong's identity. This time Although it is a good thing for us that we destroyed the Wu family, it is not a good thing for us that the seventh uncle is injured. Someone is obviously targeting our Xuanfu lineage. At this time, it is we who should When the Xuanfu lineage is united, at this time, all of us should be united, but Senior Brother Tong Buyu is trying to sow discord between me and Senior Brother Le at this time. Such an approach is very abnormal, and the disciples are suspicious There may be problems with his identity, so he asked Senior Brother Wang to go to his residence and have a look. If there is no problem with Senior Brother Tong's identity, the disciple is willing to accept the punishment. If there is really a problem with his identity, then the disciple's guilt can be reduced. "He said it directly. He asked Wang Xing to go to Tong Buyu's room to find evidence of Tong Buyu's crime. If he found evidence of Tong Buyu's crime, his guilt would be lighter. He just made it clear why he did what he did. He told him so that Zeng Yang wouldn't be too disgusted with him.

When Zeng Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, he was stunned for a moment. Then he turned to Wang Xing and said, "What evidence was found?" He didn't believe that there was really any problem with Tong Buyu's identity, but he did not He really wanted to punish Zhao Hai. You must know that Zhao Hai has helped him a lot in recent times. At least the Wu family can be uprooted, which has a lot to do with Zhao Hai. In this case, how could he When it came to punishing Zhao Hai, he also wanted to find a way to lower his sentence, so when he heard Zhao Hai's arrangement, he asked casually.

Wang Xing immediately saluted Zeng Yang and said: "To tell you what Master Tong said, I was waiting in Senior Brother Tong's quiet room and found a secret compartment. In that secret compartment, there was a space bag. The space There are a few letters in the bag, all of which are written on paper, and a few jade slips, which are all letters and jade slips between Senior Brother Tong and the Wu family. Please ask Master to read them." After saying this, Wang Xing took it out. A space bag was handed to Zeng Yang.

When Zeng Yang heard what he said, he couldn't help being stunned. He really didn't expect that he could actually find evidence. He took the space bag and took out all the contents in the space bag to look at them. He found that there were several There is still a trace of mental power left on the jade slip. Judging from the remaining mental power, it is Tong Buyu’s mental power. This should be the reason why Tong Buyu placed a ban on the jade slip before, because Tong Buyu He was already dead, so his restraint disappeared on its own, leaving only some mental power remaining.

But on the letter, it was written: "Brother Tong, after these four words, there is a line of small characters that says, Brother Wu Fatian respectfully." When he saw this line of words, Zeng Yang's face changed. He couldn't help but change, and then he snorted coldly, then he took out the letters, looked at them carefully, and his expression changed several times. Finally, he put all the letters away, took another look at the jade slips, and then He put the jade slips away, then turned to Wang Xing and said, "Have you read the contents of this letter and the jade slips?" He didn't want others to know the contents of this letter, so he did this. ask.

Wang Xing shook his head and said: "I don't dare. I haven't read the contents of the letter or the jade slips. It's just that there are names on the letters. I saw it, so I know who gave him this letter." He had said before that the discovery of evidence of Tong Buyu's collusion with the Wu family meant that he had read the envelope, but he did not dare to read the content in the letter because there were several people around him. If he really If he looked at it and was discovered, he would be in trouble.

Zeng Yang nodded, then turned to Zhao Hai and said: "You guessed it right, this Tong Buyu actually colluded with the Wu family, so this time, assuming you did nothing wrong, I won't punish you. But remember, everyone here is your senior brother, you can’t do anything to them casually, I won’t let you go easy next time.”

Zhao Hai responded, Zeng Yang waved his hand, Zhao Hai stood aside, Zeng Yang carefully looked at the big trees and the rope below, Zhao Hai then said: "Master, I didn't let anyone People touch things here, what it was like when we found it, and what it is like now.”

Zeng Yang nodded with satisfaction, and then said in a deep voice to Zhao Hai: "What do you think of the situation here?" When they heard him speak like this, everyone else was shocked. Hearing Zeng Yang's tone, they were a little surprised. He didn't mean to be angry with Zhao Hai. In other words, although Zeng Yang had said before that if Zhao Hai attacked his brothers next time, he would punish him, he didn't seem to take it to heart very much. This also made them Knowing Zhao Hai's position in Zeng Yang's heart.

Zhao Hai immediately said: "Replying to Master, this disciple thinks that Uncle Qi was attacked by someone sneakily. Uncle Qi walked here towards the Xuanfu Cave at that time. Because he didn't want to be discovered, Uncle Qi must not have been able to fly very fast. , and the height was very low, but he did not expect that just as he was flying over here, someone suddenly attacked him. Judging from the cuts in the ropes, the first target of the person who attacked Uncle Qi should be the rope. It was still a sharp weapon. It cut off the rope with one blow. It was obviously a rare sharp weapon. Then someone took action and hit Uncle Qi directly. Uncle Qi fought with him. In the end, he was defeated and was injured by the enemy. If not for his heart He was born special, I’m afraid he’s dead now.”

Zeng Yang nodded and said in a deep voice: "As you can see, these are already good, but let me tell you, there is only one person who attacked Xiao Qi. This person is holding a sharp sword, but the other hand is a A very sinister claw skill, one sword cut off Xiao Qi's Immortal Binding Rope, and the other hand went straight towards Xiao Qi. Xiao Qi responded in a hurry, and because he was not as powerful as the opponent, he was already injured in one blow, but the enemy The attack came next, and he had to deal with it with all his strength. In the end, he was caught by the enemy's claw on the left chest. He used the blood escape technique and ran away directly. The enemy obviously had other things and did not pursue him. He saved his life, huh, what a good trick."

As soon as Zhao Hai heard what Zeng Yang said, he knew that Zeng Yang already knew who was attacking Uncle Qi, so he said this. Zhao Hai said to Zeng Yang: "Master, then we are now What should we do?" Zhao Hai knew that this matter was probably related to the Yang Fu lineage, and it must have been done by a master of the Yang Fu lineage, but he did not say it clearly, because he could feel that for the Yang Fu lineage, Zeng Yang was still very afraid of those people, otherwise he wouldn't have let Uncle Qi secretly take them back to Xuanfu Cave.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.