c7989 analyze

Du Xuan looked at Zhao Hai and said in a deep voice: "Sir, this matter is weird. This order given by Hell Gate is really too weird. It is impossible for them not to know the strength of Yang Fu lineage. In this kind of situation Under the circumstances, it would be very unreasonable for them to give you such an order, but after Qingyang Sect made such a decision, their order seemed to be reasonable again, but this matter is the weirdest One point is that the order given to you by Hell Sect seemed to be too early. If Hell Sect had given you the order after Qingyang Sect told you that it was going to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, then this matter would have seemed much more reasonable, but they But I gave you this order before Qingyang Sect gave you the order, which is very unreasonable."

Fang Keming said in a deep voice: "In other words, before Qingyang Sect gave you the order, the people in Hell Sect already knew about Qingyang Sect's decision, but the Yangfu lineage also has a high status in Qingyang Sect. Yes, even people from the Qingyang Sect must be more careful if they want to deal with the Yangfu lineage. It is absolutely impossible to leak this news easily. That is to say, even now, Qingyang Within the sect, there are not many people who know that Qingyang Sect is going to deal with the Yangfu lineage, but the Hell Sect knows about it before anyone else, so there is something weird in this."

Du Xuan's eyes lit up, and then he said: "Unless..." He paused for a moment, then turned to look at Fang Keming, Fang Keming also turned to look at him, and finally the two of them looked at Zhao Hai at the same time, He said in a deep voice: "Unless the Hell Gate is in the upper echelons of Qingyang Sect, there is someone there, and this person's status is definitely not low."

Zhao Hai looked at the two of them with great admiration. It was already very remarkable that the two of them could resolve the matter to this point. Zhao Hai admired them very much. He glanced at the two of them and then said: "You guys still There is one thing that is not included in it, and that is why the sect gave me the task of dealing with the Yangfu lineage in advance. Is it because they are afraid that I will not accept the task of Qingyang Sect? If this is also added If we are inside, I am almost certain of one thing, that is who is the person in the Qingyang Sect in the Hell Gate."

"Qingfengzi!" Fang Keming and Du Xuan said a name almost at the same time, but after they said the name, they took a breath at the same time, Qingfengzi, that is Qingfengzi, Qingfengzi But one of the five giants of the Qingyang Sect, if Qingfengzi is a member of the Hell Sect, then how powerful is the Hell Sect in the Qingyang Sect? How powerful will the hidden power of Hell Gate be?

Zhao Hai looked at the two people and said in a deep voice: "It is precisely because I thought of this that I accepted this mission without any hesitation. I will not say anything else. I will only say One thing, Hell Gate must not retreat, and your actions must be more concealed. If the people at Hell Gate really know about our actions, none of us will survive."

The two of them responded immediately, feeling secretly frightened at the same time. It seemed that they had not acted too arrogantly before, otherwise, they would have been evaporated long ago, and it would be impossible to survive until now. Zhao Hai looked at the two of them, and then said: "Okay, you already know this matter, now you have to make preparations to hide us deeper. In fact, after Menli gave me the order, , I also asked for some information about the Yang Fu lineage from the gatekeeper. The information was very detailed, but what surprised me the most was that there was a sentence in the information. The information said that Yang Fu was suspected People of the same lineage may be a branch of the transcendent people in the outside world. Do you understand what this sentence means?"

Fang Keming and Du Xuan were both stunned, and then they both gasped almost at the same time. They were both old men in the Hell Gate. Although they were only peripheral members, they also knew about Hell. Regarding the relationship between the Hell Gate and the people being saved, the Hell Gate has not forgotten the need to collect some information about the people being saved since the day it was established. However, it is still very rare to directly find a branch hall that can save people.

Zhao Hai looked at the two people and said in a deep voice: "From this sentence, I saw two meanings. First, the Hell Gate has been tracking the Chaodu people, and the Hell Gate is in the battle with the Chaodu people. It seems that They have the upper hand because the Hell Gate is in the dark, but the people who are being saved are in the light. This can be known from the fact that the people who are being saved have never found the lair of the Hell Gate, nor have they taken action on some of the intelligence points of the Hell Gate. Secondly, the people who are being saved are in the light. People are very powerful. If they can create a branch in one sect, can they also do the same in other sects? If that is the case, the consequences will be huge. It’s really too serious, and the ability to save people is probably beyond our imagination.”

Fang Keming and Du Xuan both nodded. They also felt that what Zhao Hai said was very reasonable, but their moods were also extremely heavy. Both Fang Keming and Du Xuan knew that although Zhao Hai's identity is now He is a member of the Hell Sect among the true disciples of the Qingyang Sect, but he is not very loyal to these two families. Otherwise, he would not have retained his Hell Sect after becoming a true disciple of the Qingyang Sect. If he has no identity, he will not establish his own power in Hell Gate. In other words, no matter whether it is Qingyang Sect or Hell Gate people, if they discover Zhao Hai’s identity, they will probably not let him go. Fortunately, Yang Zong said that if Hell Gate knew about Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai would never have a good life.

They are absolutely unwilling to compete with such a powerful force. It is precisely because of this that their mood becomes even heavier. They feel that this matter is no longer something they can intervene in. , and what they are doing now is definitely a very serious matter.

Zhao Hai glanced at the two of them, smiled slightly and said: "You don't have to worry, I have no intention of harming Hell Gate, nor have I thought of harming Qingyang Sect. If my previous guess is true, Then after this action, my status may be improved again and again, whether in Qingyang Sect or Hell Gate, which will be more beneficial to us."

"Moreover, if one of the five giants in Qingyang Sect is really from Hell Sect, then there will be no conflict of interest between Hell Sect and Qingyang Sect, and they will not let these two forces have anything. Conflict of interests, even if the people from Hell Gate control Qingyang Sect in the future, Qingyang Sect will not change in a short time, and my identity will bring me huge benefits. By the way, I forgot to tell you, I have reached star level now, so you really have nothing to worry about this matter, just hide yourself a little deeper."

The two people responded quickly. They really didn't expect that Zhao Hai's strength had reached such a level in such a short period of time. This was definitely a very shocking moment for them. News, when they thought of this, they were really excited.

Zhao Hai looked at the two people and said with a smile: "Slowly develop our own power, don't be discovered by others, and hide ourselves deeply, so that if any storms come in the future, they will not be affected. We, even if we want to withdraw, it will be easier, and at the same time we will improve our strength, do you understand what I mean?"

The two of them responded in unison, but Du Xuan then said: "Sir, if this is really the case, then I think we can do another thing, and we must do another thing, then You must have a power of your own that can be used to fight, what do you think, sir?"

Zhao Hai was stunned for a moment, then thought about it, but nodded and said: "That is indeed the case. If we don't have a force that we can control and can use to fight, then what will happen in our next actions?" We will suffer a lot, but we can’t rush this matter, we must start from two aspects, one is to win over some people with good strength, and the other is to train ourselves, I will do this."

The two of them responded. Zhao Hai looked at them and then said, "No matter what, let's get over this matter first. Do you understand what I mean?" The two of them responded at the same time. Of course they understood. Zhao Hai meant that the eye matter must be dealt with, which meant that when Zhao Hai and the others were going to fight next, they must leave and they must not be injured.

Zhao Hai stood up and said to the two of them: "I have been here with you for a long time. I must leave, otherwise it may arouse others' suspicion. I'm leaving." After that, he said to The two clasped their fists, then turned and left. Not long after Zhao Hai left, he received a letter from Zeng Yang and the others. Zeng Yang and the others had arrived at the coordinates Zhao Hai sent them, and Zhao Hai felt relieved. But his heart was also lifted at the same time, because the arrival of Zeng Yang and others meant that people from the Yang Fu lineage might also be coming.

As soon as he thought of this, he immediately went to Fang Keming and said to Fang Keming: "The war may be coming soon. You must leave, leave now." The two of them responded directly without saying a word, and then directly greeted him. The guys in the shop walked straight out of the town. Then Zhao Hai went to Wu Yang and asked Wu Yang and the others to leave. Wu Yang and the others also left without saying a word. Also leaving at the same time were People from several other sect shops.

Finally, Zhao Hai returned to Xiao Jiu and the others and asked Xiao Jiu and the others to leave immediately. However, Xiao Jiu and the others left directly from the secret passage and went directly to Xia Honggu. Almost in an instant, the whole town became quiet. When Zhao Hai came down, there was no one there, and the whole town was in dead silence.

Zhao Hai stayed quietly in the town, waiting for the enemy to arrive. Just as he thought, less than a quarter of an hour after Xiaojiu and the others left, several figures suddenly appeared outside the town. Those people were all wearing They were all dressed in black and their faces were covered so that no one could see their faces clearly, and they all held weapons in their hands. Although their weapons were different, they all had one thing in common, that is, their weapons were all is black.