c7988 arrange

After everyone sat down, Zhao Hai glanced at Xiao Jiu and said in a deep voice: "Xiao Jiu, have the old and weak people in the town made arrangements?" Zhao Hai is most concerned about this matter. There are a lot of old and weak people in the town. If these people are not arranged well, there will be problems. .

Xiao Jiu immediately said: "Brother, we have made arrangements. It is in Xiahong Valley. It is the dry season there now. We have dug a big cave on the cliff of Xiahong Valley. Everyone has lived there. Food and other things. , and they all moved there, I really didn’t expect that living in a cave this winter would be pretty good, it’s actually very warm inside.”

When Zhao Hai heard what he said, he couldn't help but chuckle, and then said in a deep voice: "What happened this time is a big event, a big event for Qingyang Sect. Zong Rang gave me the task. I have to continue, so I can only hurt you, don’t worry, if this matter is completed, I can make you a peripheral member of Qingyang Sect."

Xiao Jiu and the others all responded, and then Xiao Jiu said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, you have joined the Qingyang Sect now, what about the Hell Gate?" Xiao Jiu and the others are also considered peripheral members of the Hell Gate, and to Zhao Hai they are hell He is still very clear about the people in the sect, and it is precisely because he is clear that he asks this question. You must know that Zhao Hai's current identity is extraordinary. He is a true disciple of Qingyang Sect. Such an identity is Not low, in this case, he is fully capable of getting out of the gate of hell.

Zhao Hai shook his head, glanced at Xiao Jiu and the others, and then said in a deep voice: "You don't need to worry about this matter. I just want to tell you that even if you become peripheral disciples of Qingyang Sect, don't think about getting rid of it. Hell Gate, the strength of Hell Gate may be beyond our imagination.”

Xiaojiu and the others were all shocked. To be honest, they were really a little surprised. They didn't expect that Zhao Hai would say this. But now that Zhao Hai said this, it means that this matter must be true. Then They would have to pay attention. They had really thought before that if they became peripheral disciples of Qingyang Sect, with Zhao Hai, the true disciple, taking care of them, they would be able to get rid of the control of Hell Sect. But now when they heard what Zhao Hai said, they immediately gave up. This thought.

Zhao Hai glanced at Xiao Jiu and the others, and then said: "Are you ready for the secret passage? If you are ready, you can go back first. As long as I let you move, you will leave here as quickly as possible. This time This matter is no longer something you can participate in. If you stay, you will only seek death."

Xiao Jiu and the others all responded, and Zhao Hai nodded towards them, and then said: "Okay, get ready, I will go to meet Wu Yang and the others now, and also meet other people. Tell them about the incident, so that they can leave." Xiaojiu and the others responded, then they all stood up, and Zhao Hai also stood up and walked out.

The reason why Zhao Hai went to see Wu Yang and the others in person was to tell others that he had nothing to do with Wu Yang and the others. Otherwise, he would not have informed them at this time. Zhao Hai came to Wu Yang's shop and followed Wu Yang directly. When he arrived at the room at the back of the store, Wu Yang stayed by Zhao Hai's side very respectfully. Even after entering the room and Zhao Hai sat down, he did not dare to sit down and only dared to stand next to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Wu Yang's appearance and said with a smile: "Okay Wu Yang, you don't have to be so polite. Although I am a true disciple and just a servant disciple, your identity is different. You are mine. Why are you still acting like that in front of me? Sit down, I just have something to ask you."

Wu Yang responded and sat down next to Zhao Hai, but he still kept a very cautious look, as if he didn't dare to do anything. As soon as Zhao Hai asked, he seemed to jump up. Hai looked at him and couldn't help but shook his head gently. To be honest, Wu Yang's current reaction was really normal. When Zhao Hai first joined the Qingyang Sect, he was just a peripheral disciple. Wu Yang is almost the same, but now Zhao Hai is a true disciple. True disciples, in the eyes of Wu Yang and others, the outer disciples are already a figure, and the registered disciples are even more important, not to mention the true disciples, then In their eyes, he is definitely a big figure, so it is quite normal for him to be so nervous when facing Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai looked at Wu Yang and said in a deep voice: "Wu Yang, the several situations you provided me before were all very effective. I think you also know what happened this time. You didn't tell this matter to anyone, right? You must know this matter, but it is very important. If you dare to tell anyone, I'm afraid I won't be able to protect you.

This time, Qingfengzi personally intervened. If Wu Yang really dares to tell this matter, he will definitely be the unlucky one, because among those servants and disciples, you don’t know if any of them are from the Yang Fu lineage. A die-hard loyalist, if this matter is really revealed to the people of Yang Fu's lineage, their plan may fail. At that time, Zhao Hai may not be able to save him, and Qingfengzi will deal with him, fearing that No one in the entire Qingyang Sect can stop him, and no one will offend a Supreme Elder for the sake of a servant disciple.

Wu Yang said quickly: "Sir, I didn't tell anyone about this matter, so you can rest assured." Wu Yang was not a fool. He knew that he had already boarded Zhao Hai's chariot, but what happened this time It's too big. Zhao Hai is just a chess piece, and he is nothing more. If he really offends Zeng Yang and Qingfengzi, then he is dead, so he is really No one told anyone.

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, just don't tell anyone. This matter is very important, but I can't give you any rewards explicitly, but the benefits will not be lost to you. You You can rest assured that I will clearly explain our relationship to Xiaojiu and the others in the future. You must cooperate more in the future. By the way, Le Wenzhen’s line should not be broken. Although Le Wenzhen’s previous identity will cause a problem for me, But I plan to use Le Wenzhen, but I'm worried that he will have other thoughts, so don't break the contact with Le Wenzhen and help me watch him."

Wu Yang responded, Zhao Hai glanced at Wu Yang and said in a deep voice: "Your strength has improved a bit now, but it's not enough. However, I already have my own industry in my hands, and it may be better in the future. Son, I will help you even more in the future, and I will also give you some elixirs. Practice well. For monks, only strength is the foundation."

Wu Yang responded once, and Zhao Hai stood up and said in a deep voice: "I tell you to take action, so you take action. You go and notify the other several companies, saying that our Qingyang Sect will have a meeting here recently. Some actions, in order to prevent them from being affected, let them leave with you when the time comes. Although they are all small people, even if they die here, it is not a big deal, but there are people behind them all. , and they are people from other sects, it’s better not to offend them, it’s just a matter of words.”

Wu Yang responded, and Zhao Hai walked out. Then he went directly to find Fang Keming and Du Xuan. When he arrived in Fang Keming's room, he found that both of them were waiting for him. As soon as they saw him arriving, they The man immediately saluted Zhao Hai and said, "I've met you, sir." The identities of the two of them are best hidden, and Zhao Hai rarely has the opportunity to come to them openly. An opportunity like this is really rare. Rare.

Zhao Hai waved his hand and said in a deep voice: "Sit down." Both of them sat down as instructed. They were not as careful as Wu Yang, but they still looked respectful. Zhao Hai glanced at the two of them and said in a deep voice: "What do you think about this incident?" In fact, Fang Keming and Du Xuan didn't know much about this matter. They only knew that this matter was from the Qingyang Sect. He asked Zhao Hai to do it, but he didn't know that Hell Gate was also involved. However, Zhao Hai still wanted to see the abilities of the two people, so he asked this question. He just wanted to see how the two people answered.

Fang Keming said in a deep voice: "Sir, you should not take this matter because it is too dangerous. It is a dispute between the two factions of the Qingyang Sect, and you are a bait now, even if you are the last one. Your lineage has won, but sir, you are in great danger now, because the bait is often the most dangerous." Du Xuan also nodded.

Zhao Hai glanced at the two of them, smiled slightly and said: "Actually, I don't want to be involved in this matter, but what you don't know is that Hell Gate gave me an order before, asking me to deal with the Yang Fu lineage. By the way, I also gave a similar order to another person who is an outer disciple in Qingyang Sect, which means to ask him to help me deal with the Yangfu lineage. You said, with such an order, I still Can you not do this?"

After hearing what Zhao Hai said, Fang Keming and Du Xuan were both stunned. Then their expressions changed. Du Xuan frowned and said, "What a coincidence?" When he said this, his tone was full of suspicion. Meaning, obviously he also felt that this incident was too much of a coincidence.

Zhao Hai glanced at the two of them and smiled slightly: "Yes, it's such a coincidence. How about it? Do you think things are more exciting? When I received the order from the door, I also felt that the door was in trouble. I, but then received a notice from the sect, saying that the sect was preparing to activate the Yang Fu lineage. Do you know what my reaction was at that time? Hahaha, I felt cold all over my body, and all the hairs on my body were All stood up.”

Although Zhao Hai said this with a smile, Fang Keming and Du Xuan still felt chills, because from Zhao Hai's words, they heard another meaning, that is, this matter is indeed very serious. It was not simple. At the same time, they also thought about what Zhao Hai had thought of before, which was the question of how powerful the Hell Gate was. Just like Du Xuan said, this thing was too coincidental, too coincidental to be true. It can't help but make people suspicious.