c7980 kill

Zhao Hai was the fastest. After he came out of the Xuan Fu Cave, he transformed into a white crane and flew forward. After a while, his body suddenly rushed to the next house, and at the same time, the white crane disappeared. The next moment he was flying into the sky again, and he was holding someone in his hand. This was Uncle Qi.

As soon as Zeng Yang saw that the person Zhao Hai was holding was Uncle Qi, he also moved and appeared directly beside Uncle Qi. He glanced at Uncle Qi. Seeing Uncle Qi's condition, he couldn't help but blush. Suddenly, I saw a big bloody hole on Uncle Qi's left chest, as if his heart had been taken away.

Zhao Hai said at this time: "Master, Uncle Qi is not dead. His heart is on the right side, which is different from ours. The enemy before may have thought so too, so he touched his left chest. Uncle Qi was not dead. He died, but his vitality was severely injured. He probably used the blood escape technique to escape here. The enemy probably didn't notice that Uncle Qi had escaped here, and found us coming out, so he didn't continue to pursue us. , otherwise, Uncle Qi may be in danger."

When Zeng Yang heard what Zhao Hai said, his face couldn't help but show a hint of joy, and he immediately said: "Let's go, take Xiao Qi back." Zhao Hai responded, Zeng Yang looked around, and protected Zhao Hai back to Xuan Fu Cave, when he arrived at the Xuanfu Cave, he treated Uncle Qi's injuries. Seeing that Qizhu's injuries had completely stabilized, he took a deep breath and then said to Zhao Hai: "Take the people out and take a look. Can I find the place where Xiao Qi fought with others? I must report this matter to Master now. This matter is not a trivial matter."

Zhao Hai responded, and Zeng Yang disappeared in a flash of white light. Zhao Hai came down from Zeng Yang's small building. Le Wenzhen and his group of registered disciples were all standing outside the small building waiting for news. Just now Zeng Yang was protecting him. When Uncle Qi returned to Xuanfu Cave, he only asked Zhao Hai to follow him into the small building. No one else was qualified to enter the small building, so Le Wenzhen and the others could only wait outside the small building.

As soon as Zhao Hai came out of the small building, he immediately clasped his fists at Le Wenzhen and the others and said, "Brothers, Master has ordered me to go out immediately and see if I can find the place where Uncle Seven had a fight with others. Let's go." After saying that, he moved and flew straight out. Everyone else responded and followed Zhao Hai flying out.

Le Wenzhen followed Zhao Hai with very complicated eyes. Zhao Hai was just a dead soldier in his hands before, but now he has become Zeng Yang's true disciple. His status is higher than him and even more terrifying. Yes, Zhao Hai's current strength is actually stronger than him. He is only at the Xingxu level now, but Zhao Hai has now reached the Earth Demon level. Such strength really surprised him.

To be honest, he really regretted letting Zhao Hai join Qingyang Sect, but now it's too late to think about anything, Zhao Hai already has such an identity and status. Just when he was thinking about these things, he suddenly heard a voice beside him: "Senior Brother Le, I heard that Senior Brother Zhao was just a dead soldier under your command, is it true?"

Le Wen's face couldn't help but change. This was the last thing he wanted to be mentioned, but he didn't expect that someone would bring it up in front of him. Just when he wanted to say something, Suddenly he heard the sound of breaking wind, and then heard a muffled sound. He couldn't help but be stunned, paused, and then saw the person who was talking to him flying back.

He knew the person who spoke. He was a registered disciple before him, and among the registered disciples, he was very powerful. His surname was Tong, and his name was Tong Buyu. He knew the strength of that person. His strength had already reached It has reached the peak of Xingxiu level and is about to reach Tiangang level.

Le Wenzhen took a look at Tong Buyu and found that Tong Buyu's face was pale and he had obviously suffered a loss. He followed Tong Buyu's gaze and found that Zhao Hai was looking at Tong Buyu with a cold face. His heart skipped a beat, and he immediately knew that it was Zhao Hai who had just attacked Tong Buyu. Zhao Hai must have heard Tong Buyu's words, so he took action.

Zhao Hai looked at Tong Buyu, snorted coldly and said: "You are not a woman, you are talking nonsense, if you dare to let me hear you instigating a relationship between me and Senior Brother Le, I will kill you directly, at worst when the time comes I am asking Master to apologize, and I really want to see if Master will punish me for you, a dead person."

What Zhao Hai said was so murderous that everyone's expressions changed. To be honest, many of them were not convinced by Zhao Hai. The same was true for Le Wenzhen, a person who suddenly appeared before. He was very dissatisfied and always wanted to provoke their relationship, but he didn't expect that Zhao Hai's reaction would be so big. He didn't give them any chance to explain and just took action directly.

Tong Buyu looked at Zhao Hai, and then said with resentful eyes: "Zhao Ying, although you are Master's true disciple, we are also Master's disciples. If you dare to kill or hurt me without any reason, Master will not let you go." Yours, this matter is not over yet, I will definitely go to Master to ask for an explanation."

Zhao Hai looked at Tong Buyu, a smile suddenly appeared on his face, and then he said: "You have no chance." After saying that, his figure turned into a white crane and rushed towards Tong Buyu. In the past, he was very fast. Before Tong Buyu could react, Zhao Hai had already rushed to Tong Buyu's side. The white crane grabbed Tong Buyu's head with one claw. On top, Tong Buyu screamed, his whole head was smashed into pieces, and his body fell straight down.

At this time, the white crane disappeared, and Zhao Hai's figure appeared. He then waved his hand, and Tong Buyu's body disappeared. Then he turned his head and glanced at everyone. When everyone was swept by his gaze, they all lowered their heads involuntarily. They never thought that Zhao Hai would be so bold, take action as soon as he said it, and kill Tong Buyu directly. Such a ruthless method really surprised him.

Zhao Hai glanced at the others, then snorted coldly and said: "Let's go and find the battlefield. I will explain this matter to the master after I go back." After saying that, he flew forward first, and the others hurriedly Following, no one dared to say a word, but at this moment, Zhao Hai suddenly said: "Brother Le, please come to me, I have something to tell you."

Le Wenzhen responded and flew directly to Zhao Hai. To be honest, Le Wenzhen did not expect that Zhao Hai would be so cruel. He came up with a killing move and wiped out Tong Buyu with one move. Such a The method really surprised him, and he was really afraid of Zhao Hai now.

When Le Wen arrived at Zhao Hai's side, Zhao Hai said: "Brother Le, don't care about what those people say. You brought me to Qingyang Sect. Without you, I, Zhao Hai, would not be where I am today." , If anything happens to senior brother in the future, feel free to come to me, I will have many things that need senior brother’s help.”

Le Wenzhen responded quickly, Zhao Hai nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Recently, the sect can be said to be undercurrents. Our Xuanfu lineage must not have internal fighting, otherwise it will be even more serious. It’s dangerous, which is why I had to use such methods today.”

Le Wenzhen hesitated for a moment, and then said with some worry: "Senior brother, will you get into trouble if you kill this Tong Buyu? His talent is very good, and if you kill him, you may arouse the displeasure of the master. "." Le Wen is really worried about Zhao Hai being punished. Although he is a little jealous that Zhao Hai can have such a status today, he doesn't want anything to happen to Zhao Hai. In any case, Zhao Hai still treats him very much. Not bad.

Zhao Hai shook his head, then smiled slightly and said: "I have news. The relationship between Tong Buyu and the Wu family was very secret before. There should be evidence of his dealings with the Wu family. This time we will deal with the Wu family. , the incident happened very suddenly. Although after dealing with the Wu family, he returned to his room for a while and may have destroyed the evidence. But after searching carefully, I still don’t believe that the evidence of the Wu family can’t be found, and his body Isn't it still in my hand? If you really don't need it, just use the soul-searching technique. There will always be evidence."

Le Wen couldn't help being surprised when he heard what Zhao Hai said. He looked at Zhao Hai in surprise. He knew very well that Zhao Hai had just joined Qingyang Sect not long ago, how could he know so many things? Where did he develop his power? Is it because of Lin Cang and the others? This is possible. Lin Cang and others also have their own power, and it is really possible that they know something.

Zhao Hai looked at Le Wen Zhen's appearance and said nothing, and when they were talking, they never stopped. After a while, several fallen trees appeared in front of them. It was obvious at a glance, Someone was fighting there, and the most important thing was that they saw the rope in Uncle Qi's hand there, but the rope was broken now.

Zhao Hai and the others landed directly on the ground and took a careful look at the surroundings. Then Zhao Hai took a look around and said in a deep voice to a person who was about to get Uncle Qi's rope: "Don't move, everything here is , don’t move at all, seal this place up. Senior Brother Le, you take people to report to Master, I will guard here. Senior Brother Wang, take people to Tong Buyu’s room and search carefully. Take out all the jade slips and letters, and see if there is a secret room in his room. If there is no secret room, then see if he has hidden space equipment somewhere. If found, all bring it here."

Le Wenzhen and another person all responded, and then they called a few people and flew in the direction of Xuanfu Cave. The senior brother Wang that Zhao Hai called was actually from Hell Gate, and Zhao Hai was originally from He didn't want to use his, but he had to use it. Now that he was in Qingyang Sect, there were really too few people available, so he had to use these people.

The reason why Zhao Hai is sure that Tong Buyu did not destroy all the evidence of dealings with the Wu family is because he knows that Tong Buyu has those evidences, and those evidences also mentioned the Yangfu lineage, so although the Wu family has been destroyed now, But Tong Buyu still didn't destroy those things. He was worried that something would happen to him in the future. If he was really in trouble, he could take those things and ask people from the Yang Fu lineage for help. That was also the escape route he left for himself. But now it has become evidence.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.