c7984 Shock

Zhao Hai smiled and said: "Don't be in a hurry, why are you in such a hurry to go back? Come, sit down, we still have a lot of things to discuss carefully. Anyway, the sect has given us this order, so we are Can’t we also borrow the power of the sect?”

When Wang Xing heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but be stunned. He sat down and looked at Zhao Hai with a puzzled expression: "Brother, do you really want to complete that task? To be honest, I really I don’t have the ability to complete that plan, so I can only delay it day by day.”

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Don't worry, of course we will find a way to complete the mission in the sect, but before that I would ask for something from the sect. Of course it's not a magic weapon or anything like that. What I need is information. , the sect doesn’t want us to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, so please ask the sect to collect more information about the Yang Fu lineage and give it to us. Although we in Qingyang Sect can also collect some, about the Yang Fu lineage However, if we collect it, it may attract the attention of the Yangfu lineage. After all, we are all from the Xuanfu lineage, and people from the Yangfu lineage will definitely keep an eye on us."

Wang Xing was stunned for a moment, then he glanced at Zhao Hai, his eyes flashed, and he smiled slightly: "Yes, senior brother, I understand. After I go back, I will send a letter to the door." Wang Xing felt that he Zhao Hai really understood what Zhao Hai meant. Zhao Hai asked the people from Hell Sect to help them collect information about the Yang Fu lineage. If the people from the Hell Sect really collect information about the Yang Fu lineage, they would definitely know that the Yang Fu lineage The strength of Pulse is not something that the two of them can deal with. Naturally, they will not be allowed to complete this order when the time comes. Therefore, Wang Xing Shen De, Zhao Hai wants to use this condition to make Hell Gate take back this order, so He immediately agreed, and after returning home, he immediately sent a letter to the door.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Okay, let's write a letter to the sect together and see how the sect will respond. Junior brother, we both came from the same place. Although we joined the Qingyang Sect for different reasons, We both have the same secret, a secret that I cannot know, so we must cooperate more in the future, but you also have to know that if you come to me often, it will definitely arouse others' suspicion. Yes, so you write down a coordinate, that is the coordinate of my portable teleportation array. If anything happens in the future, we can contact you through the portable teleportation array."

Wang Xing responded, Zhao Hai told Wang Xing a coordinate, and Wang Xing wrote it down. Zhao Hai then asked Wang Xing to leave his yard. When Wang Xing left his yard, Zhao Hai's face couldn't help but darken, and then he returned When I got to the quiet room, I first wrote a letter to Hell Gate, and then sat there without speaking.

Zhao Hai and Wang Xing thought of something different. Zhao Hai saw something different from the order given to them by the Hell Sect. First of all, Zhao Hai suspected that this might be some test for him by the Hell Sect Wang Xing. , to see if he would leave the Hell Gate, but later Zhao Hai discovered that Wang Xing did not seem to be testing him, but really wanted to leave the Hell Gate, which made Zhao Hai focus his attention on the Hell Gate. on this order.

This order from Hell Gate seems to be very unreasonable on the surface, but Zhao Hai has always felt that there seems to be some deep meaning in this unreasonable order. First of all, this order appeared too late. Coincidentally, the Wu family was destroyed, the seventh uncle was injured by the Yangfu lineage, and they formed a deadly feud with the Yangfu lineage. At this time, the Hell Gate suddenly gave them such an order. This order appeared. Is the time too coincidental, and this coincidence is just a big coincidence, and there is also a small coincidence, that is, the time of giving Zhao Hai the order, it is really too coincidental.

Normally, Hell Gate would give him almost the same order as Wang Xing, so it should be given to them at the same time. However, Hell Gate gave Wang Xing the order first, and the order to Wang Xing was to ask Wang Xing to assist him and deal with them together. The Yang Fu lineage waited until Wang Xing came to him before giving him the order to deal with the Yang Fu lineage. Isn't this order a bit unreasonable? Moreover, the order was given to him just when Wang Xing came to find him. Is this order too coincidental?

In fact, this order can be said to be completely unreasonable. If Hell Gate can get Wang Xing into Qingyang Sect, it is impossible for them to not understand Qingyang Sect at all. As long as they understand Qingyang Sect, it is impossible for them to understand Qingyang Sect. They didn't understand the strength of the Yang Fu lineage at all. If they knew about the Yang Fu lineage, it meant that their order was deliberately given, just to make him die.

But Zhao Hai felt that even after joining the Qingyang Sect, he had never shown any intention of leaving the Hell Gate. The Hell Gate should not have any intention of dealing with him, but in this case, the Hell Gate Still doing it, this is really unreasonable.

In Zhao Hai's letter to Hell Gate, he asked for information about the Yang Fu lineage. This was actually a kind of test for him. He wanted to see what kind of reaction Hell Gate would have and whether Hell Gate would give it to him. If Hell Gate gave him the information about his Yang Fu lineage, then he would be almost certain of this matter.

Just when Zhao Hai was thinking about this matter, he once received the jade slip from Hell Gate. He picked up the jade slip and took a look at it, and found that there was a very detailed information in the jade slip, about Yang Fuyi. The information on the Yang Fu lineage includes not only information on all the personnel of the Yang Fu lineage in the Qingyang Sect, but also information on all the industries of the Yang Fu lineage, and even information on some of the forces outside the Yang Fu lineage. It is very detailed.

What surprised Zhao Hai the most was that Zhao Hai saw a sentence at the end of the information on the Yang Fu lineage. This sentence shocked Zhao Hai, because this sentence turned out to be "Suspecting the Yang Fu lineage for transcendence" A stronghold of human beings, all people of the Yang Fu lineage are actually members of a branch of the Transcendence of Humanity to the outside world."

This sentence shocked Zhao Hai so much. The people who saved the people were from the Hell Gate. The force that they had been tracking down was the largest killer organization in the entire Wanshan Realm. But now the people from the Hell Gate said , people from the Yang Fu lineage are actually a branch of the transcendental sect, which is really surprising.

People who save people are also Zhao Hai's enemies. Zhao Hai has also had conflicts with people who save people, but to be honest, he doesn't know much about the true strength of people who save people. But if the Yang Fu lineage is really It is a branch of the church that transcends people, so this matter is really big.

Zhao Hai had really been thinking about how to deal with the Yang Fu lineage before. Now as soon as he saw this prompt, Zhao Hai immediately decided that he must deal with the transcendent people, and he must not let it go. However, it is even more difficult to deal with the Yangfu lineage, because if the Yangfu lineage is really a branch of the transcendental sect, then their strength must not only be what can be seen on the surface, but also must be stronger. There are other strengths, and the most important thing is that if they deal with a branch of Chaodu Ren, they will probably offend Chaodu Ren, and their future life will be even more difficult.

It can be said that this time, things are definitely in a dilemma, but no matter what, Zhao Hai decided to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, because this was what he had planned long ago. Regardless of whether the Yang Fu lineage can save people or not, he must You have to deal with it, and by dealing with the Yang Fu lineage, you can also know whether what the people in the Hell Gate say is true.

But even if he decided to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, he still had a headache. However, through the information given by Hell Gate, Zhao Hai was sure of one thing, that is, here in Qingyang Sect , he and Wang Xing were definitely not the only people from the Hell Gate, there must be other people from the Hell Gate, but he didn't know about it.

Hell Gate asked them to deal with the Yang Fu lineage. It was obvious that they knew about the relationship between the Wu family and the Yang Fu lineage. Although there were many people who knew about this relationship, no one would have thought that the Yang Fu lineage was related to the Wu family. The relationship is so deep, the Yangfu lineage actually sent people to protect the Wu family when the entire Qingyang Sect was hunting down the Wu family. Not many people knew about this, but the Hell Gate People should know about this.

They knew that the Qingfeng Mountain lineage had already formed a deadly feud with the Yangfu lineage, especially the Xuanfu lineage, which was even more hostile to the Yangfu lineage. Under such circumstances, they decided to He had given such an order, otherwise, people from the Xuanfu lineage would probably not have given him such an order.

Through this incident, Zhao Hai has a closer understanding of the power of Hell Gate. Zhao Hai can now be sure that the strength of Hell Gate is greater than he imagined. They have a deeper understanding of the power of the Qingyang Sect. Being able to understand the situation so well already explains a lot of problems.

As for the matter of giving orders to Wang Xing before and then giving him orders, it should be something that Hell Gate did easily. The people of Hell Gate should have discovered that Wang Xing wanted to escape from Hell Gate a long time ago, so they After giving Wang Xing such an order, they knew that Wang Xing would definitely come to Zhao Hai. In this case, if Zhao Hai really wanted to escape from the Hell Gate, he would definitely express his intention. If Zhao Hai If He Wang Xing really wants to leave the Hell Gate, the Hell Gate will send people to deal with Zhao Hai and Wang Xing in the shortest possible time. Fortunately, Zhao Hai did not do that.

But this also gave Zhao Hai an even greater headache. He wanted to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, but he couldn't show his true strength now, so it was impossible for him to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, so he wanted to To deal with the formation lineage, he can only borrow the hands of Zeng Yang and Qingfengzi, but Zeng Yang and Qingfengzi are not something he can control. Not only are they powerful, but they also have their own ideas on what to do. They will have their own considerations on how to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, so this matter is indeed very difficult.

The most important point is that Zhao Hai is very worried about whether Qingfengzi and the others can succeed. You must know that their enemies this time are people of the Yangfu lineage, and they are people who can save people. Can people be saved in Wanshan Realm? It is not unreasonable to have been running rampant here for so many years. They have their own means of self-protection. In this case, if they rashly deal with people from the Yangfu lineage, it is really hard to say what the consequences will be. , this is Zhao Hai's biggest headache.