c7982 beat

Zeng Yang glanced around, and then said in a deep voice: "Now there is no evidence on this matter on the surface, so it is useless for us to say anything now. Let's go back. This matter must be discussed in the long run." Zhao Hai responded. , he heard that Zeng Yang did not tell anyone about the projection in their hands, which meant that he did not want others to know about it, so he did not say anything and could only agree.

When the group of people returned to Xuanfu Cave, Zeng Yang directly called Zhao Hai to the small building. The two of them went to see Uncle Qi first. Uncle Qi was arranged in the small building. Someone was taking care of him. The two of them Seeing that there was nothing wrong with Uncle Qi, he just left the room because he was injured and hadn't woken up yet.

When the two of them arrived at the study, Zeng Yang said to Zhao Hai: "Zhao Ying, are you surprised why I didn't tell them about the projection in front of them?" Zeng Yang was very fond of Zhao Hai. Although Zhao Hai suddenly attacked Tong Buyu today and showed a bit of murderous intent, the facts proved that what he did was not wrong. Therefore, Zeng Yang actually valued Zhao Hai very much, so he asked this question.

Zhao Hai smiled slightly and said: "Master, are you worried that people from Yang Fu's lineage will receive the news?" Zhao Hai actually understood Zeng Yang's mood very well. After all, what happened to Tong Buyu before, if Zeng Yang still returns If there is no doubt, then he is not worthy of becoming the leader of a lineage.

Zeng Yang nodded and said: "Yes, if Tong Buyu is a member of the Wu family, then there is no guarantee that others will not become members of the Yang Fu lineage. If they know about the projection and are prepared, what will happen? It’s unimaginable. In fact, our Qingyang Sect has been really troubled recently. The Wu family’s incident has had a huge impact on the sect. A family like the Wu family can be bribed by the Qianyuan Sect. , then it is difficult to guarantee that other forces will not be bribed by other sects, so the sect still attaches great importance to this matter.

Although the people of the Yang Fu lineage are also called a lineage, their strength is stronger than ours. The Yang Fu lineage has existed for a long time, but their ancestor has passed away. But there are many masters in their lineage. In fact, if there is no master behind us, then we will not be able to defeat the Yangfu lineage. "

Zhao Hai nodded after listening to Zeng Yang's words, and then said in a deep voice: "Master, now we only have projections as evidence. It's probably not that easy to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, and what if Yang Fu If people from the same lineage really push out a chess piece and take over everything, even if we have any evidence, there is nothing we can do against them, so it is better not to show our evidence now and collect the Yang secretly. As for the evidence of Fu Yimai, when we have enough evidence, it won’t be too late to take action, what do you think?”

Zeng Yang said in a deep voice: "This matter has now been handed over to the master. The master will be safe, but one thing is certain, that is, people from the Yangfu lineage will definitely hate us. They will find a way to get rid of us. After all, only we know their secrets, and they will definitely do something to us, so you'd better not go out recently, otherwise, it will be really dangerous."

Zhao Hai responded. What Zeng Yang said was very reasonable. People from the Yang Fu lineage would indeed regard them as targets to be eliminated quickly, because they had captured Yang Ming before, and people from the Yang Fu lineage also They should know that they would definitely guess that it was the people from the Yang Fu lineage who attacked Qi Shu. It can be said that the two sides have now formed a deadly feud. In this case, the people from the Yang Fu lineage are I will never let them go.

Zeng Yang said in a deep voice: "Go down first and tell all the registered disciples and outer disciples that if nothing happens these days, don't go out, otherwise it may be dangerous, so go ahead." Zhao Hai responded, and then directed Zeng Yang bowed, then turned and left the small building.

When he arrived outside the small building, he first returned to his room, and then sent someone to invite all the registered disciples to his room. Zeng Yang's registered disciples were not very many, only more than 20, and they all arrived. Zhao Hai's room didn't seem too crowded at all.

When the registered disciples entered the room, Zhao Hai asked them to sit down and served tea. Then he said: "I just came back from Master. Master asked me to tell you all what happened this time." It won’t end that easily, there may be someone who will deal with us recently, so when everyone is fine, don’t leave the Xuanfu Cave, otherwise it may be in danger.”

Everyone responded, and Le Wenzhen said to Zhao Hai: "Brother, who did it to Uncle Qi?" Le Wenzhen had the best relationship with Zhao Hai, and he found that Zhao Hai seemed to know a lot about them. Something he didn't know, that's why he asked. He was indeed very curious about this matter.

Zhao Hai shook his head and said in a deep voice: "I don't know much about this matter, but the opponent this time may be very strong. It's better for everyone to be careful. You don't need to think too much, just treat it as a retreat. It's time to practice for a while." Everyone responded. They knew Uncle Qi very well and knew that Uncle Qi was very powerful. But this time, even Uncle Qi was so seriously injured, let alone Others, so they really took Zhao Hai's words seriously.

After Zhao Hai sent everyone away, he asked Xiao Jin to give Lin Cang and the others an order, telling Lin Cang and the others not to go out. If they really wanted to go out, they must tell him, otherwise, they might be in danger. Zhao Hai actually still trusts Lin Cang and the others. He believes that Lin Cang and the others will never dare to mess around, because now Lin Cang and the others are completely on the same line as Zhao Hai, even if they want to join him I'm afraid no one else would dare to accept them.

Then Zhao Hai wrote a letter to Wu Yang, praising Wu Yang and the others, and then gave Wu Yang and the others several jade slips of martial arts. He got all these jade slips from Wu Chen, that boy Wu Chen , took the opportunity of cleaning the Wu family's Scripture Pavilion to copy all the Wu family's jade slips, so Zhao Hai really has no shortage of jade slips.

After giving the jade slips to Wu Yang and the others, Zhao Hai gave some jade slips to Xiaojiu and the others. The jade slips given to Xiaojiu and the others were all carefully selected by Zhao Hai and were the most suitable ones for them. At the same time, Zhao Hai also He gave orders to all his subordinates. They must be more careful in the recent period. If someone really wants to deal with them, the first thing to do is to run away. Never fight head-on. That is absolutely not possible.

Zhao Hai knew that they had completely offended the Yang Fu lineage this time, and he was Zeng Yang's only true disciple. If anyone from the Yang Fu lineage wanted to deal with Zeng Yang, they would definitely attack themselves first. If he wants to deal with himself, he will definitely investigate himself, and he will definitely know about the Gujian Gang, so he must be careful.

After arranging all these things, Zhao Hai went to his study, and then took all his servants into the study. He glanced at these servants, and then said: "What happened in the sect recently I think you all know a lot of things, so I won’t say anything more. Whatever you do in the future, you must be careful and don’t follow other people’s opinions. Also, I don’t care what you have done before. Some friends, but remember in the future, don’t spread my affairs casually, and if anyone dares to do so, don’t blame me for being rude.”

Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, everyone was stunned, and then they all responded. Zhao Hai glanced at them, didn't say anything, but nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "Okay, everyone, go down. ." When Zhao Hai said this, he glanced at Xiao Shui. Xiao Shui's face was now a little pale, and there was sweat on his forehead.

Zhao Hai knew that Xiao Shui was actually very close to the Wu family in the past, and might have even told the Wu family about him. However, his purpose of saying these words today was actually to slap Xiao Shui, but now his purpose was no longer Once they reached it, Zhao Hai let them go down directly.

After everyone left, Zhao Hai went to Jingshi. He had to think carefully about how to deal with the Yangfu lineage. The Yangfu lineage was not the Wu family. Although the Wu family was a family, They are related to many forces, but their own strength is not very strong, so it is really not difficult for Qingyang Sect to deal with them.

But the Yang Fu lineage is different. Listening to Zeng Yang’s words, you know that the Yang Fu lineage also produced Taishang Elder before. Although the Taishang Elder has passed away now, no Taishang Elder can There will be just one person, and he will have many disciples, and there will be many disciples and disciples, and these people are naturally born to form a group. As they develop, their power will become stronger and stronger, and how far will they develop in the end? , it’s really hard to say.

The Yang Fu lineage is obviously such a force. It can be said that even Qingyang Sect will definitely feel pain if it wants to get rid of this force, so this matter will never be solved so easily. If the two sides had not forged any deadly feud, then Zhao Hai would not have to deal with the people of Yang Fu's lineage, but now they have already forged a deadly feud. Yang Ming was injured by Zeng Yang and the others, and Uncle Qi He almost died. Such a hatred is definitely big enough.

In this case, Zhao Hai must find a way to deal with the Yang Fu lineage. In Qingyang Sect, it will definitely not be a good thing if there is such an enemy, so if possible, he I really hope to kill all those guys from the Yang Fu lineage directly.

But now that Zhao Hai is in Qingyang Sect, his status is really far behind. Not to mention dealing with the senior officials of the Yang Fu lineage, even if he wants to deal with some disciples of the Yang Fu lineage, he will probably be very angry. He must find a good excuse to face difficulties, otherwise, he will definitely be the unlucky one in the end.

Now Zhao Hai just wants to see what Qingfengzi is going to do and what Qingyang Sect is going to do. If he is the leader of Qingyang Sect, he will definitely remove this cancer as quickly as possible, like this The longer a cancer stays, the more harmful it will be.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.