c7990 fighting

Zhao Hai stood in Linyuan Town. He looked at the clothes of these people and laughed suddenly. This was really asking for death. If these people just dressed up in ordinary clothes, then Qingfengzi and the others wanted to deal with Yang Fuyi. People with strong pulse still need to find some excuses. Some of the borrowed items may look very stiff, but when these people put on this outfit and then come to trouble Zhao Hai, they are caught by Qing Fengzi and the others. If they stay, the people of the Yang Fu lineage will be doomed, because this body and the weapons in their hands are all standard equipment for transcending people. It can be said that they are really doomed this time.

When those people appeared outside Linyuan Town, they did not enter the town immediately. They observed the town outside, but they only saw Zhao Hai standing there. Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled slightly. , then said in a deep voice: "What? Everyone, are you here to see me?"

Those people glanced at Zhao Hai, and then they looked around again, and then they moved and rushed towards Zhao Hai. They didn't say any nonsense, and all kinds of magical weapons went straight to Zhao Hai to greet them. Zhao Hai looked at them If he didn't use the Dharma Appearance, he wouldn't use the Dharma Appearance. As soon as he moved his hand, the tiger-headed hammer appeared in his hand. Then he moved his hand and the tiger-headed hammer swung and hit those people.

After the two parties met, except for what Zhao Hai said, no one said anything. They all came up with killing moves, all of which were aimed at killing the other party. Zhao Hai could only show a starry attitude at best now. Level strength, so it is not an easy task for him to deal with those guys now, and two of those guys actually have star level strength, and the remaining few all have earth evil level strength.

Obviously, after the two of them fought, the other party also discovered Zhao Hai's strength. They did not expect that Zhao Hai's strength would be so strong, which surprised them all. The information they got was that Zhao Hai The strength of Zhao Hai is only Earth Demon level, but now the strength shown by Zhao Hai is full of star level, one level higher, how can they not be surprised by this.

If two star-level masters were to deal with an Earth Demon-level monk, they could almost kill each other within a few encounters. However, if two star-level masters were to deal with another star-level master, then they It was impossible to deal with the other party so easily, not to mention that although Zhao Hai used heavy weapons, his movement skills were very flexible. For a while, the two sides were in a stalemate, and the few earth evil masters who followed him , can't get involved at all.

At this moment, the two star masters who were besieging Zhao Hai jumped out of the circle almost at the same time. Then their bodies flickered, and the next moment two huge talismans appeared around their bodies, and then from From those two talismans, fire dragons flew out one after another. These fire dragons roared and rushed towards Zhao Hai.

As soon as Zhao Hai saw this situation, he also moved. His whole body rose into the sky and turned into a white crane, hovering in the sky. As soon as the fire dragon came close to him, he would be immediately attacked by his sharp beak and claws. , he was captured and scattered immediately, and his wings were also very powerful weapons. Although the number of those fire dragons was very large, there was nothing they could do against the white crane.

At this time, several men in black appeared outside Linyuan Town. They took a look at the situation in Linyuan Town, and then looked at the white cranes hovering in the sky. They started moving almost at the same time. In an instant, a tiger and a leopard appeared on the two bodies, and then the tiger and the leopard pounced directly towards the white crane in the sky.

The power of these two Dharma signs is not small. You can tell at a glance that they are also star-level masters. When Zhao Hai saw this situation, he couldn't help but smile. He really didn't expect that the other party would be so bold. So many experts were sent to deal with it. There must be someone on the other side. When they saw that his strength was higher than expected, they immediately asked for help. That's why so many experts came, but it doesn't matter. Zhao Hai Not afraid of them at all.

Although the enemy's use of fire dragons made it somewhat inconvenient for him to move, it was enough to deal with the tiger and leopard. When he thought of this, Bai He's body moved and turned several times in the space, fighting with the tiger and leopard. After going around together, Zhida suddenly discovered that those fire dragons didn't seem to have much influence on Zhao Hai. If they really used fire dragons to attack Zhao Hai, they might have to attack the tiger and leopard together. , this was not what they wanted to see, so those fire dragons could not help much, and the two huge talismans disappeared directly.

However, they also flew up, but they gathered around the perimeter of the battlefield. Seeing the lively fight between a tiger, a leopard, and a crane, it was obvious that they were afraid that Zhao Hai would run away, so they waited at the perimeter. As we all know, although a star-level master can be considered a master, it will not take long for a star-level master to use Dharma. The news about the power of Dharma is very huge, so even a star-level master cannot use Dharma. Seeing each other for too long.

They are just waiting, waiting for the tiger and the leopard to consume all Zhao Hai's mana, and then they can deal with Zhao Hai. They really don't believe that so many people, just use Zhao Hai There is no way. So they have been waiting on the outside, waiting for Zhao Hai to take action when he can't stand it anymore.

At this moment, Zhao Hai fell directly from the sky. Bai He could still use his flexibility to deal with the tiger and leopard in the sky. Now that he had fallen to the ground, how could he be the tiger and leopard? Leopard's opponent? So those who attacked Zhao Hai couldn't help but their eyes lit up when they saw the white crane landing. In their opinion, Zhao Hai must have lost his strength and fell to the ground, so the tiger and the tiger fell to the ground. The leopard also fell directly to the ground and pounced towards the white crane.

Just when the tiger and the leopard pounced towards the white crane, the white crane suddenly looked up to the sky and let out a long chirp. Then the white crane disappeared directly. Just after the white crane disappeared, a giant ape suddenly appeared on the spot. This giant ape was very huge, and he was actually wearing armor. As soon as the giant ape appeared, he stretched out his two front paws, one on the left and one on the right, and grabbed the necks of a tiger and a leopard. Then he slammed the tiger and leopard hard to the ground.

I heard a bang, and two houses on the ground were smashed. The tiger and the leopard were knocked unconscious. While they were still struggling to break free, the giant ape still pushed them to the ground hard. After only a few hits, the tiger and the leopard disappeared, revealing the two people inside. However, the two monks all fainted at this time. Although their faces were still covered, but on the face scarves, But it was already covered in blood, obviously from vomiting blood.

At this time, several other people reacted. They all understood almost at the same time that Zhao Hai was actually a person chosen by God, and Zhao Hai took advantage of this to sneak attack on the two of them and kill them directly. After the two of them were dealt with, the two people who used the runes to cast spells immediately released their spells, and then countless fire dragons flew out of the runes and rushed towards the giant ape. At this moment, another Several men in black appeared outside the town. As soon as they saw the situation in the town, they immediately released their Dharma and attacked Zhao Hai.

This time, the spells they released were different. The spells used by those people were all weapon spells. The weapons all had runes on them. They looked very mysterious, and the strength of these people was also very powerful. , the strongest one has reached the precept level.

As soon as he saw this situation, the giant ape roared to the sky. As the roar sounded, two figures quickly came to Linyuan Town from a distance, and soon the two people arrived. Outside Linyuan Town, an old man with white hair and closed eyes snorted coldly: "Stop!" His voice was not loud, but it seemed to come from the bottom of people's hearts. The body was shaken, the movements of his hands were scattered, and he could no longer exert any strength.

Zhao Hai also felt the power of the old man's voice. He pretended not to use any power and stopped there. Then he saw the old man wave his hand, and countless runes suddenly flew out of his hand. After getting out, he fell directly next to those who attacked Zhao Hai and restrained them all.

Then the old man grabbed his hand again, and saw that the black scarves covering the faces of those people were all caught in the old man's hands, revealing their true colors. But what is strange is that those people Zhao Hai He didn't know anyone, not just him, not even Zeng Yang knew anyone. This made Zeng Yang couldn't help but frowned. He thought that their operation failed this time, because the people here actually No one is from the Yang Fu lineage.

"Mysterious!" came a voice. It was the old man who was speaking. Then he made a slight stroke with his finger. Following his movement, a ray of white light flew out directly from his finger and fell on those people. Bursts of black smoke suddenly appeared on those people's bodies. When the black smoke dissipated, those people had changed.

When Zeng Yang looked at the people on the ground, he was stunned again, but then he was overjoyed, because he finally discovered that those people were all from the Yang Fu lineage. The reason why he didn't know these people before was because These people used the technique of changing their appearance, which can also be said to be a more advanced form of disguise.

Those people can't move now, not even their eyes. They can't use any strength at all, and the spiritual energy on their bodies has been completely blocked. It can be said that they can't die now even if they want to, he has been Completely restrained, this made their eyes show a look of despair. They were sure that what happened this time was definitely a trap of Qingfeng's lineage, specially designed to deal with them, but they were stupid They got in, and now they can't do it even if they want to die, let alone anything else.

Zhao Hai had recovered at this time. After all, Qingfengzi did not restrain him, so he immediately flew up and arrived in front of Zeng Yang. He saluted Zeng Yang and Qingfengzi and said, "Meet the master." , pay homage to Master." He knew Qingfengzi's identity, so he naturally did not dare to be rude in front of Zeng Yang, and as Qingfengzi's identity, it was appropriate for him to salute Qingfengzi first.