c7992 Prepare

After showing the items in the projected jade slips to several people, Qing Yezi said in a deep voice to them: "It is absolutely not allowed for people of the Yang Fu lineage to be related to transcendent people, so we must We need to clear them out, and we need to do it now, Qing Xing, you can start preparations as soon as you get back, gather all the people, and we must be ready before midnight today, we will start on time today."

Qing Xing responded. He was originally a disciple of Qing Ye. He was tall and had a sinister face. He looked very fierce, and he was indeed very fierce. If a disciple of Qing Yang Sect really offended him, In his hands, he will not show mercy, so in Qingyang Sect, Qing Xing has always been called a torture tool. Torture Tool is his nickname. It is said that he is as cold and ruthless as a torture tool and so cold. horrible.

Qing Yezi then turned to the others and said, "Guys, please go back and prepare. I don't need to say more about how powerful the Yang Fu lineage is. Today we are going to eliminate the Yang Fu lineage in one fell swoop. We must try our best, so everyone must concentrate all the power in your hands. Today at midnight, we will act on time. We must clear out the Yang Fu lineage in the shortest possible time to avoid causing The sect’s greater turmoil will be threatened by the enemy.”

Several people all responded, and Qing Zi said in a deep voice: "Okay, now everyone go back and prepare." Several people all responded, then stood up, saluted to Qing Zi, and then turned around and left. After a few people left, Qingye took a deep breath and murmured: "I have been waiting for this day for so long, and I can finally take action."

Qingfengzi had already returned to his cave at this time. As soon as he arrived at his cave, he immediately called all his disciples over. Zeng Yang was always by his side, so naturally there was no need to call. After all his disciples arrived, Qingfengzi finally said: "The Yang Fu lineage colluded with the Wu family, and also had some connections with Chaodu people, so the sect decided to act on time at midnight tonight to eliminate them. Yangfu lineage, now go back and get all the people in your hands ready to come out. All the outer disciples are also gathered together and ready for action. Remember, no one is allowed to leak this news. After gathering everyone, Just collect all the things on their bodies that are in contact with the outside world, and kill anyone who makes any unusual movements on the spot. Be ready to take action at any time, so go ahead."

Although everyone was shocked, they also knew that they did not have a good relationship with the people of the Yangfu lineage, so no one objected. They all agreed, then saluted Qingfengzi, and turned around to leave. , Zeng Yang naturally left with him, and he had to go back and make some preparations.

However, Zeng Yang's preparation was very simple. After he returned, he directly called Zhao Hai to his small building and said to Zhao Hai: "Xiaoying, go out now and call all the outer disciples who are registered disciples." They all gathered together, and then collected all their space equipment, so they also collected all the things for external contact, and stayed at the martial arts training ground to wait. Today, we will take action against the people of the Yang Fu lineage. , remember, if anyone wants to contact the outside world under any excuse, you must take him down directly, and if he dares to resist, kill him on the spot."

Zhao Hai responded, bowed to Zeng Yang, and then exited the room. After Zhao Hai retreated, Zeng Yang immediately called in a servant and asked him to prepare it, but he was not going to use these servants today. Servants are one of his trump cards. He will not use these people easily. The purpose of calling these servants is to let them help Zhao Hai watch. Of course, it must be done secretly.

At this time, Zhao Hai had already arrived at the martial arts training ground. During the process of going to the martial arts training ground, he had already sent people to notify all registered disciples and outer disciples, asking everyone to gather at the martial arts training ground. Before that, he was waiting at the martial arts training ground.

After a while, all the registered disciples and outer disciples all gathered at the martial arts training ground. When Zhao Hai saw that everyone had arrived, he said: "Lin Cang, you go and get two tables. Remember, you need to Bigger one." Lin Cang responded immediately and led the two disciples away. After a while, he took two large tables and placed them next to Zhao Hai.

Zhao Hai glanced at the people in the field, and then said: "All registered disciples, put the space bags you shot into on the table on the left. Outer disciples, put your space bags on the table on the right. , hurry up." Those registered disciples and outer disciples didn't know what Zhao Hai was going to do. They were really hesitant, because for a monk, his space equipment is a very important thing. If it is handed over to others casually, It's very dangerous in your hands.

Zhao Hai looked at the faces of those people and said in a deep voice: "Everyone be quiet, this is Master's order, hurry up." Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, Lin Cang and the others walked directly to the table without saying a word and put the space bags in their hands. After placing them on the table, Zhao Hai used his spiritual power to sweep them over before letting them go. Although the other outer disciples were reluctant, they still put all the space preparations on the table.

And Le Wenzhen and the others also knew that they could never force themselves on Zhao Hai at this time, so they had to put all their space preparations on the table. Of course, their space equipment could not all be space bags, but they still put the space preparations on the table. All the equipment was placed on the table. They understood what Zhao Hai meant. Zhao Hai wanted not only the space bag, but also their space equipment.

When everyone put their space equipment on the table, Zhao Hai also used his mental power to scan their bodies, and from time to time asked them to take down their belongings and put them on the table. Go up. After everyone had put their things away, Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said, "Now come forward one by one. From your space preparations, take out all the things you need to use when fighting, and then Come to me to get a space bag, put the weapons into the space bag, and put your space equipment here first. Remember, you only need things for fighting, communication, and escape. take it out."

Although everyone was puzzled, they still followed the instructions. Zhao Hai was now the only true disciple under Zeng Yang. They did not dare to offend Zhao Hai, so they could only step forward one by one and take out their own. He bought some magic weapons and talismans, then went to Zhao Hai to get a space bag and put the things in it.

After everyone was done, Zhao Hai looked at everyone and said: "You may be very curious as to why I want you to do this. I will explain it to you now, but from now on, no one is allowed to leave here. , no one is allowed to leave here under any excuse, if anyone dares to leave, don’t blame me for being rude.”

Speaking of this, Zhao Hai's eyes were like daggers, scanning over everyone's body. Everyone was shocked. They all knew very well that Zhao Hai would never dare to do this without Zeng Yang's consent. At the same time, They also knew that something must have happened to the sect, otherwise Zhao Hai would not have done this.

Zhao Hai glanced at them, and then said: "Everyone also knows that some time ago, the Wu family's collusion with the Qianyuan Sect was discovered, so the Wu family was destroyed, but then, the seventh uncle was attacked. I can tell you now that the reason why Uncle Qi was attacked was because Uncle Qi had some people in his hands at that time. Those people colluded with the Wu family and wanted to rescue Wu Fatian from the Wu family, but they were defeated by the master. , arrested them, and asked Uncle Qi to escort them back to our Xuanfu Cave. Uncle Qi was the one who was seriously injured by a sneak attack while he was escorting them, and the person who did this is a person from the Yangfu lineage."

Lin Cang and the others knew about this matter, but others did not. Lin Cang and the others did not dare to tell the matter. Now that Zhao Hai has revealed the matter, Lin Cang and the others immediately It was clear that the sect was afraid that it would take action against the people of Yang Fu's lineage.

Sure enough, Zhao Hai then said: "Although people from Yang Fu's lineage attacked Uncle Qi and rescued the witnesses in Uncle Qi's hands, we still had projections at that time, so under Yang Fu The matter of Yang Fu still attracted the attention of the Master. The Master personally investigated and finally discovered that people from the Yang Fu lineage are actually related to the transcendent people." At this point, he stopped, but the others There was an uproar. They never thought that there would be such violent news. People from the Yangfu lineage would be related to the transcendent people. How could they not be surprised.

Zhao Hai looked at these people and then said: "Now that the sect has evidence that the people of the Yang Fu lineage are related to the Chaodu people, we decided to prepare for the people of the Yang Fu lineage tonight. To carry out the attack, in order to ensure that no one spreads this news, I asked you to leave all the communication tools here, and all the magic weapons used for transmission. Everyone must stay here. Here, until the time of action, we can all act together. Now you must not move, otherwise, I will not be polite."

No one dared to speak. It can be seen from Zhao Hai's actions that the sect really takes this action very seriously. If anyone dares to mess around, the people of the sect will never be polite. , precisely because of this, no one dared to speak, everyone stood there honestly.

To be honest, these people were actually very surprised, because they did not expect that in such a short period of time, the two forces that had enmity with their Xuanfu lineage would all be unlucky. How could they not be surprised? , but at the same time they are still a little excited. After taking care of these two enemies of the Xuanfu lineage, the life of their Xuanfu lineage will definitely be easier, which is definitely a good thing for them.

But what they are curious about is why the handles of the Wu family and the Yangfu lineage have not fallen into their hands before, but now the handlers of the Yangfu lineage and the Wu family have fallen into their hands one by one. In the hand, this is really weird.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.