c7999 humiliation

Of course, those at the Hell Gate will not find out that those who compete with them for territory are actually disciples of the Blood Killing Sect, but there is no connection between those disciples, at least on the surface. , so naturally no one will connect them together.

This operation to grab the territory was proposed by Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai asked the disciples of the Blood Killing Sect to take action. He wanted to make the Blood Killing Sect more powerful. Now the only forces he puts on the surface are The Ancient Sword Gang is such a group, and the secret forces include Wu Yang and Fang Keming. However, Wu Yang and the others only target those within the Qingyang Sect, while Fang Keming and the others mainly target those within the Qingyang Sect, while Zhao Hai The real trump card is actually the Blood Killing Sect.

Although only a small number of people from the Blood Killing Sect came out this time, most of them were still at the Sword of the Abyss, adapting to the spiritual energy here in Wanshan Realm. Zhao Hai was not prepared to let them come out so soon. He knew very well. , the strength in Wanshan Realm is very strong, plus the Shadow Clan, although the recent things he encountered in Wanshan Realm have nothing to do with the Shadow Clan, there is such a powerful force watching from the side, He still felt a lot of pressure.

His real enemy is actually the Shadow Clan. If the Shadow Clan people know that the Blood Killing Sect has arrived in the Wanshan Realm, the Shadow Clan people will definitely try every means to deal with him, because in the eyes of the Shadow Clan, he may be worse than Other sects in the Wanshan Realm have greater threats, so the Shadow Clan will definitely deal with him as soon as possible.

But Zhao Hai has been hiding in Qingyang Sect during this period of time. He usually gives advice to Wu Yang and others, or Fang Keming and others. Of course, more often, he gives advice to Xiao Jiu and others, and Lin Cang and the others are all forces under his control. He must make these people stronger. Only when these people become stronger can he become stronger.

Just one month after the turmoil started, the turmoil slowly began to calm down. People say that someone can be a thief for a thousand days, but there is no one who can guard against thieves for a thousand days. This is indeed the truth. Each sect has its own sect. An internal search was conducted, and a large-scale pursuit of the Chaodu people was carried out. After finally wiping out some of the Chaodu people's strongholds, the matter slowly subsided. Here in Wanshan Realm, it is not like the previous period. As time goes by, there has been a desperate pursuit of the people who have been saved. Now only the disciples of various sects will talk about this matter from time to time, but no one takes this matter to heart.

But here in Qingyang Sect, people have always been very nervous. They are really guarding against thieves for a thousand days. There is nothing they can do about it, because they have offended the Chaoshu people so much this time, and they can't do it if they don't guard against thieves. , so they have been guarding against retaliation from those who have been saved.

Zhao Hai has also been paying attention to this matter. He also asked the Hell Gate to see if there was any news about saving people, but what surprised him was that there was no news about saving people at the Hell Gate. It’s as if the transcendent people have completely disappeared.

But Zhao Hai has always been uneasy about this matter. He also feels that people who save people will not easily let go of the Qingyang Sect. He just doesn’t know how far he can go if he saves people. If people really want to destroy Qingyang Sect, then Qingyang Sect may not be able to withstand the attack of Chaodu people.

However, from Zhao Hai's point of view, the Chaodu people should not dare to destroy the Qingyang Sect. If the Chaodu people really destroy the Qingyang Sect, then the storm that has finally calmed down will soon start to stir up again, and each sect will Immediately everyone will be in danger and pursue the Chaodu people with all their strength. At that time, the Chaodu people may be really in danger.

Even if Chaodu Ren seems to be completely hidden now, if people from various sects really want to trace them, they will not be able to completely hide themselves. If he is the current leader of Chaodu Ren, He will definitely not retaliate against the Qingyang Sect at this time, but will wait until later to retaliate against the Qingyang Sect.

Finally, after another month, the turmoil finally ended, and the people of Qingyang Sect finally breathed a sigh of relief, because for such a long time, no one who had transcended people came to deal with them, and Qingyang Sect inevitably It's a bit relaxing, and now that the weather is getting warmer, people's spirits can't help but relax.

At this time, news suddenly came that all the disciples in a lower courtyard of the Qingyang Sect were killed. After the people of the Qingyang Sect learned about this, they immediately sent people to investigate, but still Before they could find any results, another lower house was destroyed again. This attracted the attention of Qingyang Sect. Just when Qingyang Sect was about to send people to investigate carefully, who was dealing with Qingyang Sect? When he was in charge of Yang Zong, he did not expect that overnight, all the ten lower courtyards of Qing Yang Zong outside would be wiped out, leaving no one alive.

Qing Yezi and the others immediately decided that this matter might have something to do with transcending people. In order to confirm their thoughts, Qing Yezi asked the Supreme Elder Qing Ruizi to come forward in person, and brought half of the disciples of the Qingyang Sect Zhanwu Hall with them. To investigate the murder of the disciples of Qingyang Sect's lower court.

But what people didn't expect was that Qing Ruizi and half of the disciples of Zhan Martial Hall never came back after going out to investigate the matter. Later, it was discovered that Qing Ruizi and half of the disciples of Zhan Martial Hall , all died on a hill, leaving a ghost magic weapon at the scene.

Obviously, this was the revenge of Chaodu people, which made everyone in Qingyang Sect very nervous. They were ready to fight Chaodu people, but then, Chaodu people did not react at all, nor did they respond to Qingyang. Zong Zai attacked once, and Qingye tried to send some more disciples to the lower courtyard to take over the affairs of the lower courtyard. They were not attacked by the Chaodu people anymore. This made Qingyezi and the others sure that the Chaodu people would take revenge on them. It has ended.

It is true that the Chaodu people did not kill everyone in the Qingyang Sect, but they killed one of the Supreme Elders of the Qingyang Sect, and also killed half of the Qingyang Sect's Zhanwu Hall disciples. This greatly increased the Qingyang Sect's vitality. I'm afraid it won't take decades to recover from the injury. Obviously, the Chaodu people also know about this matter. They can't do things too badly. If they do things too badly, it will cause trouble in the entire Wanshan Mountains. The revenge of all the sects in the world would be really over by then, so they just retaliated against the Qingyang Sect, greatly injuring the Qingyang Sect's vitality, and then let the Qingyang Sect go.

This incident has greatly stimulated the Qingyang Sect. It can be said that the Qingyang Sect has suffered the greatest losses among all sects since the Wu family incident. The Wu family was destroyed, and the Yangfu lineage was also destroyed. Now, another Supreme Elder has died, as well as half of the disciples of the Battlefield Hall, not to mention the loss of all the disciples of the twelve lower houses. Such a loss of disciples is really a big deal for Qingyang Sect. Too many. In the past hundred years, they have not suffered such a big loss, let alone the death of a supreme elder. The death of a supreme elder is more than the losses of all disciples combined. To be serious, this is not only a weakening of Qingyang Sect's strength, but also a blow to Qingyang Sect's reputation.

It has been many years since Qingyang Sect had a Supreme Elder-level master killed in battle. No one has remembered it. However, this time a Supreme Elder-level master was killed. The impact this has on Qingyang Sect is It was so big that everyone felt very nervous, even the disciples of Qingyang Sect were panicking.

Regarding this matter, Zhao Hai did not say anything. Chaodu did not directly destroy Qingyang Sect, which was already expected by him. As for the loss of Qingyang Sect, although it would make Qingyang Sect His vitality was severely damaged, but it would not let the Qingyang Sect collapse, so he was actually not that worried.

But what Zhao Hai didn't expect was that just when the Qingyang Sect's strength and vitality were greatly damaged, other sects actually took action against the Qingyang Sect. They sent people to fight against some of the territories controlled by the Qingyang Sect, that is, Several small countries, controlled by the Qingyang Sect, suddenly increased from twelve to eight.

Faced with such behavior, Zhao Hai really didn't know what to say. Now he finally understood why the people in Wanshan Realm were no longer the opponents of the Shadow Clan. Logically speaking, the people in Wanshan Realm were stronger than the Blood Clan. The Killing Clan is even stronger. If they really unite to deal with the Shadow Clan, then the Shadow Clan cannot be their opponent. How could the Shadow Clan swallow up half of their territory?

Now he understands that all the sects in the Wanshan Realm can really be said to be short-sighted. Who was the Qingyang Sect that severely damaged its vitality? They are Chaosu people, and Chaodu people are the enemies of everyone. At this time, instead of saying they are coming to help Qingyang Sect, they are thinking of swallowing up Qingyang Sect’s territory. Of course, in the eyes of all the monks, this may not be the case. It was a matter of course, but Zhao Hai couldn't stand it. The monks were just too selfish. If the monks weren't so selfish, no one would be their opponent.

However, it was not his turn to make irresponsible remarks in this matter. Qingyang Sect suffered a loss, but it did not immediately take action against the other sects. Instead, it used the existing territory in its hands to fight to the death. After defending, Qingye even sent Qingfengzi and several other supreme elders to sit outside. All the disciples of Qingyang Sect were also ready to fight, and Qingyang Sect's approach also made other sects The people in the sect understand that they can no longer force the Qingyang Sect. If they are forcing the Qingyang Sect, the people of the Qingyang Sect will definitely fight with them, so they are not attacking the Qingyang Sect. What happened this time , this is the past.

But all the disciples of the Qingyang Sect felt humiliated. The Qingyang Sect was obviously retaliated by the Chaodu people in order to deal with the Chaodu people, but what they got in exchange was such a result. How could they not feel angry? , and the behavior of other sects taking advantage of the situation made everyone feel angry, but now that their strength was greatly reduced, and they could not retaliate immediately, how could they not feel humiliated? Because of this, Qing Qing Yangzong's disciples are all holding their breath now, and each one of them is practicing desperately, preparing to make themselves stronger so that they can take revenge in the future.