c7997 Big shot

The entire Wanshan World was in a state of uproar. When Qing Yezi, the leader of the Qingyang Sect, told the various sects that the Yangfu lineage of the Qingyang Sect was a person who could save people, the entire Wanshan World was in a state of commotion. It even directly alarmed Tianxuan Sect and Leiyin Temple, because no sect would allow a branch of the killer organization to appear within its own sect. This would never be ignored by any sect. Not to mention that each sect had an agreement with Chaodu people before, Chaodu people are not allowed to reach out to each sect. They can train their own disciples, but they must not reach out to each sect. Here, this is how they are allowed to exist, but now the people of the same lineage in Qingyang Sect are all people who have transcended people. This is a big deal. The number of people of the same lineage is quite large. .

This matter has been reported here in Wanshan Realm for about ten days, and Qingyang Sect is also on full alert. But today, Qing Yezi, Qing Fengzi and other five Supreme Elders, as well as the sect Some of the high-ranking officials in the sect gathered at the largest teleportation array in the sect and waited there quietly.

Because of the presence of these big shots, the sect disciples were not allowed to use the teleportation array. This made those disciples a little puzzled. A disciple who was eager to use the teleportation array jumped to the side and looked at Qing Yezi and the others. Shen He said: "What on earth is going on? Why do these big guys come here? Are they going to welcome someone? Who can these big guys come to greet together?"

He was just complaining because he couldn't use the teleportation array now, but he didn't expect that the people around him answered his questions. He heard a person beside him say in a deep voice: "Brother, don't you do this?" You see, the people who came this time really had to be greeted by these big guys in person. I think you also know that some time ago, the Yang Fu lineage was wiped out, and then the sect discovered that they were really the ones who saved people. People, this matter has caused a big fuss. Now it has spread throughout the Wanshan world, and this incident has also alarmed Tianxuan Sect and Leiyin Temple. Brother, you should also know those two sects. What does the door represent? The people coming this time are the delegations represented by those two sects. They are here to see the evidence. Do you want the sect master and the big guys to greet us?"

When the disciple who spoke before heard what he said, he couldn't help but be stunned, and then he immediately said in a deep voice: "You mean, the people who came this time are people from Tianxuan Sect and Leiyin Temple? Oh my God, then But the two largest sects in the entire Wanshan Realm, they are actually here? This time things seem to be really big."

The disciple who answered said proudly: "Of course it's true. My eldest brother is from the Law Enforcement Hall. He said it to me with his own eyes. It can still be faked. He was on guard around there. I'm here today." Just to watch the fun, you don’t need to use the teleportation array. Brother, no matter what happens, you have to wait, there are not many opportunities like this."

The disciple who spoke before stopped talking. He knew that the disciple was right. There were not many opportunities like this. Even if he had something big, he had to wait. For people from Qingyang Sect, like those from Tianxuan Sect and Leiyin Temple, who are they? They are equivalent to the heads of state, and what are they, the Qingyang Sect? You are just a person from a small county town. Now that a big shot comes to your place, how dare you not welcome him? Are you looking for death?

At this moment, a white light flashed on the teleportation array, and then a group of people appeared in the white light. These people were Taoists and Buddhas, and some were dressed as laymen, but everyone was filled with soaring aura. You can tell by looking at him that he is not someone to be trifled with. The leader is a Taoist priest. This Taoist priest is dressed in black and white Taoist robes. He is holding a whisk in his hand and a jade hairpin in his head. He looks like a Taoist priest. It sounds like a fairy, but it also puts a lot of pressure on people.

Behind him was a monk wearing a bright yellow cassock. This monk looked to be in his fifties, his bald head seemed to be shining, and his body looked a bit fat, but he gave people a kind-hearted look. , holding a string of rosary beads in his hand, standing on his chest with one hand, half-closing his eyes, giving people a feeling of compassion and majesty.

As soon as they saw these two people, the big guys from the Qingyang Sect immediately came to greet them. Qingye even saluted the leading Taoist priest and the monk and said, "Qingye leads the elders of the Qingyang Sect. , welcome Master Tianjizi, welcome Master Jiufang." After saying that, he gave a big salute.

Tianjizi and the others hurriedly returned the gift, and Tianjizi said with a smile on his face: "Master Qingye Sect is really too polite. We were also ordered to come this time, just to take a look at the situation of Qingyang Sect. If we want to disturb Master Qingye, please don’t be offended."

Qing Yezi said quickly: "I don't dare, I don't dare. It is our Qingyang Sect's honor that all the masters can be elders. Masters, please come with me. We have prepared a banquet to cleanse the dust for you, everyone." He said. Afterwards, he turned around and made a gesture of invitation. Although he was the leader of a sect, he behaved very humbly in front of these people, as if his status was naturally inferior to others.

This is indeed the case. Although Tianjizi and the others may be just an elder in their respective sects, they may not have much real power. Moreover, their strength may not be as good as Qingyezi and the others, but they represent Major sects come here, how can a sect like Qingyang Sect be compared with sects like Tianxuan Sect or Leiyin Zen Temple? There is no comparison at all.

It is precisely because of this that Qingyezi behaves so humbly. He can't do it otherwise. Even if he is the leader of a sect, even if he is stronger than the opponent, so what, Qingyang Sect I'm afraid he can't even compare to a branch of his sect, so he can only act honestly.

Tianjizi and the others were not polite and followed Qingyezi towards Qingyang Sect. Along the way, the disciples of Qingyang Sect did not dare to peek, but all retreated into their own yard. It was not that they did not want to steal. Look, the sect does not allow them to peek. No matter what, Qingyang Sect is still a sect. If the disciples of the sect all look like they have never seen the world, watching Tianjizi and the others, then Qingyang Sect His face was really humiliated, so everyone in the Qingyang Sect could only stay in their own yard.

Qing Yezi led everyone into the main hall of Qingyang Sect. In the main hall of Qing Yang Zong, short tables had been prepared, with futons placed behind the tables. Then Qing Yezi and the others took their seats. Even though Tianjizi and the others have high status, they are still guests and cannot sit in the main seat, so Aoba took the main seat. To his left were Tianjizi and the others, and to his right were Aominezi and the others. A senior member of the Qingyang Sect.

After both of them sat down, Qingye gently knocked on the jade bell placed on the small table in front of him. A melodious bell rang. Soon, a female disciple of Qingyang Sect came from the main hall. The people walked in from behind, holding trays in their hands. There were various vegetables and fruits on the trays, as well as a jade wine pot and jade wine glasses. A set of things was placed on each small table before retreating.

Soon, a group of female disciples walked into the main hall, and then knelt down next to each small table. They stretched out their hands, held the jade pot, poured everyone a glass of wine, and then knelt down next to them. , stopped talking, and at this time, Qing Yezi also picked up the wine glass, and then said: "Qing Yezi, on behalf of everyone in our Qingyang Sect, welcomes all my colleagues, everyone, have a drink!"

Everyone also raised their wine glasses and drank the spirit wine in the glass. After putting down the wine glasses, Tianjizi smiled at Qing Yezi and said: "Thank you Qing Yezi for your kindness, let me represent all of us, Here’s a drink to all of you, Qingyangzong, everyone, please!” After saying that, he also raised the jade cup, and then drained the wine in one gulp.

The host toasts and the guests toast in return. This is also a kind of etiquette. After this etiquette, there are not many rules. Everyone can drink slowly. Of course, everyone knows this, so The second glass of wine was all drained.

After finishing the wine, the atmosphere in the hall became much more relaxed. Everyone began to eat food and drink wine. Although it is said that there is Taoism and Buddhism here, both Taoist priests and Buddhists cannot help but drink spiritual wine. For them, , spiritual wine is like a kind of elixir that must be taken.

After Tianjizi drank a glass of wine, he said to Qing Ye: "Qing Ye Sect Master, we are here this time just for the purpose of saving people. You also know that this matter is of great importance, so can you please invite Qing Ye Sect Master?" Tell us carefully what happened this time."

Qing Yezi nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "The person who knows the most about this matter should be our Elder Qing Fengzi, let him explain it to you." After speaking, he turned to Qing Fengzi and nodded. Nodding, Qingfengzi also hugged his fists towards Qingyezi, then turned around and hugged his fists towards Tianjizi and the others.

When Tianjizi and the others saw that Qingfengzi kept his eyes closed, they didn't say anything. In various sects in Wanshan Realm, there are many people who practice various techniques. For example, in Buddhism, there is a closed-mouth meditation. People who practice closed-mouthed meditation cannot speak, so people like Aomineko who keep their eyes closed are really nothing.

After Qingfengzi raised his fists at everyone, he said: "Everyone, the cause of the matter was actually caused by a family in our sect. We were investigating the defection of five true disciples of our disciple Zeng Yang. My disciple Zeng Yang, because he has reached the ordination level, opened a branch of his own, called Xuanfu. He accepted five true disciples and handed over the third level of his property to Those five disciples took care of it, but he didn't expect that when those five disciples took care of his properties, they completely ignored the output capacity of the property and searched desperately, so that his property was almost exhausted. This made him greatly disappointed. Among his outer disciples, there was one person who stood out. He cared about this person very much, but he did not expect that in his Xuan Fu Cave, someone would actually attack the disciple he was optimistic about. After investigation, he I discovered that the person who attacked that disciple was actually one of his true disciples."