c7995 secret room

Qing Fengzi nodded and said in a deep voice: "The Yang Fu lineage does not look simple. Before, when I used to attack Zhao Ying, the Yang Fu lineage was just pretending to be a transcendent person. Now it seems , things should not be that simple. You need to conduct a comprehensive cleanup of the mountain where the Yangfu lineage is located to see what is there and whether you can find any secrets. If the Yangfu lineage is someone who really saves people, then This matter is really big.”

Zeng Yang responded immediately, and Qingfengzi waved his hand, letting Zeng Yang go out. Zeng Yang saluted Qingfengzi, then turned around and left. After coming out of Qingfengzi's cave, Zeng Yang immediately went to Yangfengzi. The mountain where Fu Yimai is located has been completely destroyed. All the houses have been destroyed, and a fire has been set off, almost all useful things have been burned down. In this case , it is really difficult to find something.

As for the entrance, Qing Xing was commanding people to excavate there. As soon as he saw Zeng Yang coming, he nodded to Zeng Yang, and then without saying anything, Zeng Yang came to Qing Xing's side. , said to Qingxing: "Senior Brother Qingxing, our Xuanfu lineage was attacked just now. The person who attacked us was wearing the clothes of the Law Enforcement Hall. He said he wanted to enter our Xuanfu lineage for a brief inspection. Fortunately, he was attacked. My disciple realized something was wrong and blocked it. I just saw it and those people are from the Yang Fu lineage, so please be careful, Senior Brother Qingxing."

When Qing Xing heard what Zeng Yang said, he couldn't help but be stunned for a moment. Then his face turned cold and he said in a deep voice, "Thank you, junior brother. I'll go get ready right away." Zeng Yang returned the gesture without speaking, but Qing Xing was He immediately called a subordinate next to him, gave him a few instructions, and then let him go do his work.

In Qingyang Sect, there is actually an unwritten rule. Everyone in the sect knows it, but no one says it. This rule is related to people's names. If a person's name is in the Qing character, The names at the beginning, unlike names like Qingxing, Qingfengzi, Qingruizi, etc., mean that this person is a powerful figure in the sect, and his status in the sect will definitely not be low in the future.

Of course, names like Qingfengzi and Qingruizi can only be called by the sect leader or the Supreme Elder, because their names contain a sub-character. This sub-character in the name cannot be added casually. Only Only those who have reached the immortal level and become the supreme elder of the sect can add this sub-character.

There is no "zi" in Qing Xing's name. When he reaches the immortal level, he can add a "zi" to his name. However, his name starts with the character "青", which means that he He is a powerful figure in the Qingyang Sect, and that is indeed the case. He is the head of the law enforcement hall in the Qingyang Sect. Although he is the same generation as Zeng Yang, his identity and status are quite different.

Although Zeng Yang has his own lineage, he does not have much real power. Qingxing not only has his own lineage, but also is in charge of the Law Enforcement Hall. It can be said that his status is much higher than Zeng Yang's, but Zeng Yang There was Qingfengzi standing behind him, so Qingxing was very polite to Zeng Yang.

After Qing Xing finished his instructions, Zeng Yang said: "Senior Brother Qing Xing, my master feels that this matter is not that simple. People in the Yang Fu lineage seem to have been prepared for it, and they also have backup plans. He feels that there may be another article on this matter, and he hopes that we can take a closer look at Yangfu Mountain to see if we can find any useful evidence."

Qing Xing nodded, his face full of flesh and blood was solemn. He said solemnly: "This matter is indeed not simple. Originally, when the sect wanted to deal with the Yang Fu lineage, it only allowed a few people to do it. I personally know it, and I also told everyone that you must be careful when taking action, but the news still spread. When those guys from the Yangfu lineage saw that the mountain gate had been sealed and had no way to get out, they directly We just started to fight the trapped beasts, and in the end it got to this level. This is really surprising. To say that there is nothing strange in this is really unreasonable."

Zeng Yang also nodded and said: "It is indeed very strange, but I can be sure that the news cannot be spread from our Xuanfu lineage, because before the movement, I asked my disciples to collect all the people." They gathered together and searched all the space equipment. They only gave them weapons, and they were not allowed to go back to their rooms. They were waiting in the training ground. All the servants were also gathered. I even gave them weapons. The defensive formation was opened, I don’t know how others did it, but this thing is really weird.”

Qing Xing's eyes flashed coldly, and then he said: "This matter is definitely not simple. Before, I thought that people from the Yangfu lineage could not have anything to do with super-salvation people. At most, they were pretending to be super-salvation people. But now it seems that this matter is really not that simple. This method of doing things by the Yangfu lineage is definitely not done once or twice. Their actions are very purposeful and their timing is very good. Until now, we have not found several key figures in the Yang Fu lineage. This matter is indeed not simple."

Zeng Yang nodded, and then said in a deep voice: "The mountain gate is still closed now. I think the remaining people have not escaped yet. I think it is very necessary to conduct some inspections of the entire sect. I must We need to dig out all the remaining enemies, otherwise we won’t know who will be attacked next.”

Qingxing said in a deep voice: "The sect leader has given orders to do this, and has strictly ordered that people from all branches are not allowed to leave their bases. The matter of finding people will be left to the Law Enforcement Hall and the Zhanwu Hall, so Junior Brother Zeng doesn't have to worry. Now." The Zhan Wu Zhang that Qing Xing is talking about is a branch of the Qing Yang Sect composed of some powerful disciples. These disciples are all elite disciples selected from various branches. They are extremely powerful and are also Qing Yang's disciples. It is a sharp blade used by the sect in foreign wars, so it is called Zhanwutang.

The Zhanwu Hall is also a very independent hall in the Qingyang Sect. The people of the Zhanwu Zhang will listen to the instructions of the Supreme Elder and the Sect Master. It can be said that they are not loyal to that person, but to the Qingyang Sect, so the Zhanwu Hall The status of the people in the Qingyang Sect is actually very high, and the people in the Zhanwutang usually only fight externally. But if there is something going on inside the Qingyang Sect, they usually won’t use the Zhanwu Palm. of.

It can be said that the Zhanwu Hall is a sharp sword for the Qingyang Sect to the outside world, and it is a stabilizing needle for the stable development of the Qingyang Sect. Therefore, the Zhanwu Hall usually does not move lightly, but this time the people in the Zhanwu Hall did so directly. They got up and cooperated with the Law Enforcement Hall to conduct a search of the entire Qingyang Sect. All unidentified people will be arrested. If anyone dares to resist, they will be killed on the spot. It can be said that this is an internal attack on the Qingyang Sect. A big cleanup.

At this time, Zeng Yang and Qing Xing were still digging deeply into the mountains of the Yangfu lineage, just to see if they could find any evidence and to see what the relationship between the people of the Yangfu lineage was. Does it matter if you save people? If it does, then the matter is really very serious.

Now the place where the Yang Fu lineage used to live has been completely cleared out, and some caves have also been cleared out. Those caves have long been destroyed by the people of the Yang Fu lineage, and now they have to be restored bit by bit. While cleaning up, they also excavated the mountains where the Yang Fu line was located, just to see if there was anything in the mountains of the Yang Fu line.

They dug like this for three consecutive days. On this day, when the disciples were still digging at Yangfu Mountain, they suddenly felt a trace of energy fluctuation coming from the front. They were all stunned, and then immediately went up They became concerned and began to dig forward slowly. Finally, after they used magic to clear out the place where the energy fluctuations were coming from, they discovered that there was a secret room there. This discovery made everyone in the Yangfu lineage These people were all shocked.

Then they were overjoyed, because this secret room was tens of feet deep into the mountain. The secret room built here must contain something not simple. Immediately afterwards, a disciple reported the matter to Zeng Yang and Qing Xing rushed over immediately after hearing the news.

Qingxing has been very busy these days. He not only has to keep an eye on the excavations here in Yangfu Mountain, but also pays attention to the search in Qingyang Sect. The search these days has not been in vain. A total of 100 people from the Yangfu lineage have been found. There were more than a hundred people, and they were all masters. If they hadn't been prepared in advance, they would have suffered a lot of losses.

Zeng Yang has also been very busy these days. He is paying attention to the injuries of Zhao Hai and Qi Shu. Zhao Hai's injury was relatively minor. He woke up on the day of the injury and then began to treat the injury of the prolapse, and soon The injury was cured. After all, for monks, only inward-looking injuries can be easily cured. However, after curing the injury, Zhao Hai went into seclusion to regain his strength.

However, Uncle Qi's injury is more troublesome. It can be said that if they hadn't discovered it early, Uncle Qi might have died a long time ago. Although he is not dead now, he has been unconscious, but the second after Zhao Hai woke up Oh my God, Uncle Qi also woke up. Although he woke up, his injuries were still very serious. It would take only a few months to recover. This was because Zeng Yang used a lot of precious medicine on him. Because of the elixir, otherwise, he might not be able to recover.

Although the injuries on his body can be recovered, they have also affected his foundation. I am afraid that it will be difficult for him to improve his strength in the future, but this is already very good. Although Zeng Yang felt a little pity, he also took a breath, no matter After all, Uncle Qi is still alive, which is good news for him.

So Zeng Yang and Qing Xing were very busy in the past two days. However, when they heard that a secret room had been dug up here in Yangfu, they rushed here as soon as possible. They knew very well that Yangfu It is definitely good news that Yipei can dig out this secret room. Maybe you will know a lot of things from this secret room, so the two of them also attach great importance to this matter and directly Arriving outside the secret room, I looked at the secret room carefully.