c7996 evidence

This is a secret room made of bluestone, but the outside of the secret room is full of runes. These runes are emitting a constant yellow light. It is obvious that these runes are still running. These runes illuminate the entire secret room. They were all surrounded, but they could still see clearly what was going on outside the secret room.

This secret room is very weird. It is not so much a secret room as it is a huge stone box. It has no door and no windows. It is boxy and weird no matter how you look at it. If it weren’t for the fact that it was made of pieces. It is made of stones. I am afraid that everyone will think that this is just a stone.

Qing Xing took a careful look at the runes, and then said in a deep voice: "This rune looks like a defensive array, but there are many differences. Junior Brother Zeng, can you tell what's going on?" Although Qingxing is also a member of the Qingyang Sect, it is obvious that he is not very proficient in runes.

Zeng Yang took a careful look at the runes, and then said solemnly: "These runes are indeed different. On the surface, they seem to be a defensive array, but there is also a warning array hidden inside. This is really shocking. I'm a little confused. With this defensive array, there's no need for a warning array. It seems a bit redundant for them to do this, but I don't think they would say that casually. There must be some reason. , they will do this.”

Qing Xing said in a deep voice: "It's better to be careful. If there is any mechanism in this secret room, it might hurt someone. We'd better invite those in the sect who are more proficient in runes to take a look. , see if we can crack this rune." After saying that, he immediately sent for someone.

Qingyang Sect is famous for its talismans, but not all disciples have studied runes. Many disciples use ready-made talismans left by their predecessors. These talismans have been refined by Qingyang Sect for thousands of years. After working hard to improve, it is now close to perfection. It is powerful and not dangerous, so the current disciples of Qingyang Sect generally just use these talismans.

However, there are still many people in Qingyang Sect who are proficient in the art of runes. These people have been studying new runes, so it is not difficult to find some such people. After a while, several elders were invited When they came over, Qing Xing explained the situation to them. The elders immediately circled the secret room a few times, and then gathered together to discuss it. Then an elder came to Qing Xing and asked Qing Xing. Said: "Senior Brother Qingxing, the runes outside this secret room are not simple. It does seem to be just an ordinary defensive array. At most, it has an early warning function. But some of the runes in this array are actually A sure-fire rune, that is to say, if someone touches the magic circle and does not crack it according to the correct method, then those decryption runes will be activated directly, and then the magic circle in the secret room will be activated. It will burst open and destroy everything in the secret room, so if you want to crack it, you have to be careful."

When he heard what he said, Qing Xing couldn't help but feel a look of joy on his face. Fortunately, they didn't mess around. Otherwise, there would really be trouble. If the things in this secret room were really taken away, If they are all destroyed, no one will really know whether the Yang Fu lineage is really related to Chaodu.

When he thought of this, Qing Xing immediately said: "Then can we crack this magic circle? The things in this secret room may be very useful to the sect. We must get it." Qing Xing Xing Shende, a member of Yang Fu's lineage, must have a reason for protecting this secret room so well, so he is still very concerned about this matter.

The elder nodded and said: "Okay, we have found a way to crack it." After saying that, he walked back to the other elders, and then several stood on all sides of the stone room, and then they all held hands in their hands at the same time. He pinched out the magic formula, and then hit the magic formula on the stone chamber. As the magic formula was inserted, all the runes on the stone chamber lit up, and then slowly disappeared. When all the runes disappeared, After that, the elders took a deep breath, and then they moved their fingers together to pinch out the magic formula once and hit it on the stone chamber. All the stones on the stone chamber automatically decomposed. The situation in the stone chamber was revealed.

Everyone was stunned when they saw the situation in the stone chamber, because the stone chamber was filled with junk, broken swords, broken jade slips, jade tablets, jade pendants, and some broken magic weapons. , anyway, it’s all junk, not a single good thing.

However, these things were clearly divided into two piles. One of the tattered piles had a very strong Yin energy, while the other pile did not have that Yin energy. Upon seeing these two piles of things, Qingyang Sect was shocked. Some of the disciples inside were still a little confused, but Zeng Yang and the others' expressions changed, and they immediately thought of what these two piles of things were.

That pile of rags with strong Yin energy should be the kind of magic weapon used by transcendent people to connect with others. Ghosts can come and go freely inside, and the pile of rags without Yin energy should obviously be like this too. Items, but they probably haven't been made yet. This is a secret room where special magical tools are made to save people.

This discovery made the expressions of Qing Xing and Zeng Yang change. Qing Xing immediately said loudly: "Seal this place and no one can come in or out." After saying that, he immediately took out the communication array and directly gave it to Qing Yezi wrote a letter, and Zeng Yang also wrote a letter to Qing Fengzi. At the same time, the surrounding disciples of the Law Enforcement Hall immediately sealed the place.

After a while, Qing Yezi and Qing Fengzi all arrived here. Qing Xing and Zeng Yang immediately went up to them and told them about the situation in the secret room. The two of them directly entered the secret room and took a look. After taking a look at the two piles of things in the secret room, Qing Ye couldn't help but his face was as dark as water, and he snorted coldly: "The Yang Fu lineage is really related to the salvation of people, and the relationship is not superficial. I really thought Let’s see how the Chaodu people explain this matter. Have they stretched their hands too far? They still think that our Qingyang Sect is easy to bully.”

At this time, Qingfengzi's face was also very ugly. He said in a deep voice: "Before, I thought that the Yangfu lineage might just pretend to be a transcendent person. Now it seems that is not the case at all. We must be careful. Come on, the strength of Chaodu people is also very powerful. We must be prepared to deal with it. At the same time, we must also inform all other sects about this matter. You must know that our sects had no experience with Chaodu people at the beginning. According to the agreement, they are not allowed to develop their own people in our sect. Now they have not only violated the agreement, but they have also gone so far, which we absolutely cannot allow."

Qing Yezi nodded and said: "From today onwards, all disciples are ready to fight. I will go back now and tell other sects about this matter. I really want to see what Chaodu Ren will do this time." Explain that if they can arrange manpower in our Qingyang Sect, they can also place people in other sects. If they really dare to do this, they will become rats crossing the street and everyone will cry out for beatings."

Qingfengzi nodded, and then Qingye turned to Qingxing and said: "Qingxing, you should seal these things immediately as evidence. Everyone else should disperse, but be prepared for a fight." Everyone responded, and then Qing Xing went to seal up all those things and put them into a space bag, while everyone else left here.

Zeng Yang followed Qingfengzi to Qingfengzi's cave. When he arrived at the cave, Qingfengzi sat on the futon. Then he said to Zeng Yang, "Zeng Yang, what do you think of this incident?" Qingfengzi's face now He had completely calmed down and had his own thoughts in his mind, but he still wanted to hear what Zeng Yang would say.

Zeng Yang thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "The lineage of Yang Fu must be related to the salvation of people. This matter has a great impact. The sect master will definitely tell other sect masters that if this matter is not handled well, it will cause chaos in the entire world. The mountain world is shaken, but the transcendent people are not so easy to deal with. They have been acting secretly for these years. We really don’t know how powerful they are now. We have now removed the Yang Fu lineage. But they may not let us go if they save people. After all, we caused this incident in the first place, and with the way they behave, they won’t let us go, so we must be careful.”

Qingfengzi nodded and did not ask him this question. Instead, he asked: "How is your disciple's injury?" Qingfengzi's question made Zeng Yang stunned. He did not expect that Qingfengzi would actually When asking about Zhao Hai, you must know that he is just a registered disciple of Qingfengzi, and Zhao Hai is just his disciple. Logically speaking, Qingfengzi would not care about this matter, but now Qingfengzi asked, which made Zeng Yang was in a daze.

However, Zeng Yang replied immediately: "To tell you Master, Zhao Ying's injuries are no longer harmful. He is currently in retreat to regain his strength. According to my disciple, I am afraid he will make some progress during this retreat. Master Don't worry, sir." Although he didn't know why Qingfengzi cared so much about Zhao Hai, Zeng Yang still answered.

When Qingfengzi heard what Zeng Yang said, he also nodded and said: "Okay, as long as it's okay, you can go back and inform the disciples below you so that they can be ready to fight. If the super-saved people are really against us, If we attack, it might lead to a clan-wide war, and everyone will have to participate."

Zeng Yang responded, then bowed to Qingfengzi, exited Qingfengzi's cave, and returned to Xuanfu Cave. He was actually very concerned about what happened this time. He knew very well that this time This matter is definitely not simple. If their Qingyang Sect really wants to fight against Chaodu Ren, then it will definitely be their Qingyang Sect who fails. Fortunately, this matter affects all sects, and Chaodu Ren should not go all out. To deal with them, otherwise, it will definitely cause a counterattack from all the sects in the entire Wanshan Realm, but Chaodu Ren will definitely retaliate against them. This time he can be sure, because those guys who Chaodu Ren will not swallow this In terms of tone, judging from Chaoshu Ren's behavior, revenge is certain, it just depends on how strong their revenge is.