c7993 Counterfeit

The night is getting darker and darker, and stars are twinkling in the sky, but because the moon is just a small crescent, the earth looks a little dim. The same is true here in Qingyang Sect. Everything already looks very dim, and There were no disciples walking around casually outside, and everything seemed so quiet.

Suddenly, a fire broke out on a hilltop of Qingyangzong, and then there were bursts of shouts of killing, and then another fire broke out on a hilltop, and there were waves of shouts of killing, and then there was another fire. It was one place. In less than a quarter of an hour, there were more than a dozen fires in Qingyang Sect. This situation was really surprising.

Qingfengzi was flying in the sky, looking at the fire point below. There was no expression on his face, but the coldness on his face seemed to be able to scrape off two pounds of frost. Then Qingfengzi said in a deep voice: "Qingfeng lineage disciples, listen Order, attack the people of Yang Fu’s lineage immediately, quickly.”

Zeng Yang also received Qingfengzi's order at this time. He looked at the time and found that it was just Haishi. It was far from Zishi, but he couldn't care so much. He immediately left his small building. He flew out, and then said loudly: "All disciples, listen to the order, the situation has changed, set off immediately to attack the Yang Fu lineage." After speaking, he flew out first.

As soon as Zhao Hai heard Zeng Yang's order, he immediately said loudly: "Everyone, follow up. Remember, no one is allowed to disperse or emit communication signals. Anyone who disobeys the order will be killed!" After saying this, he also directly He flew up and walked out. The other disciples quickly followed, so no one dared to speak, and their hearts were full of nervousness.

As soon as they flew out of the Xuanfu Cave, they were stunned by the situation outside. There were many fire points outside, and there were bursts of shouts of killing. At this moment, Zeng Yang's The voice came: "Everyone remember, if you find a disciple with a white scarf on his arm, kill him with all your strength."

Everyone responded, Zhao Hai led everyone and flew forward, but Zeng Yang flew straight to a fire spot, which was a hill of Qingyang Sect, and there were disciples of the Qingyang Sect. They used to live there in a prosperous way, but now the glory is no longer there, but their disciples still retain that mountain and have been living in that mountain. Their strength is pretty good, but judging from the current situation, they There was indeed an attack there.

When Zeng Yang and Zhao Hai led the Xuanfu lineage to the hill, they found that there were two groups of people fighting on the hill. Both groups were wearing Qingyang Sect. Among the disciples' clothes, one group had a white cloth scarf on the arm, while the other group did not.

Zeng Yang snorted coldly, then waved his hand, and a big hand suddenly flew forward, grabbed a Qingyang Sect disciple with a white cloth scarf on his arm, and squeezed him to death, and then Loudly said: "Everyone attacks, everyone with a white cloth on his arm is our enemy, attack."

Zhao Hai responded, and then he moved his hand, and a sledgehammer suddenly appeared in his hand, and flew straight towards a monk with a white cloth on his arm. The sledgehammer in his hand moved, and the monk was hammered with one strike. He had to fly backwards, blood spurting out from his mouth, and it seemed that he would not survive, but the others immediately took action.

But after this move, everyone realized that the strength of those people was not bad, and could even be said to be very strong. The reason why they seemed vulnerable in front of Zhao Hai and Zeng Yang was because of their strong strength. The reason is that they don't know that Zhao Hai has reached the star level, so they are all very surprised now.

Because of their participation, the Qingyang Sect disciples who did not have white cloth scarves on their arms slowly stabilized their formation and began to fight back. Among the monks with white cloth scarves on their arms, none of them wanted to surrender. All of them fought to the death, and some even had a life-for-life style of fighting. Even if they died, they would still have someone to back them up.

But unfortunately, they met Zeng Yang. Zeng Yang had the strength of the precept level. However, there were only a few people from the Yang Fu lineage who had actually reached the precept level. The remaining ones, They were no match for Zeng Yang. Zeng Yang slapped each one, and several masters in the Yang Fu lineage were killed by him. Naturally, the remaining people could not afford to make any scandals. The disciples led by Zhao Hai and those who had fought against Yang Fu's lineage were killed separately.

It took nearly two hours for the battle here to end. Then they looked around again, only to find that all other fires had been put out, and the shouts of killing slowly stopped, and then Zeng Yang contacted Qingfengzi, and then he realized that the battle in Qingyang Sect was basically over. Next, all disciples must go to their own places and wait for the disciples of the Law Enforcement Hall to check and verify their identities.

Zeng Yang didn't say anything more and just asked Zhao Hai to take the people back to the Xuanfu Cave. At the same time, he also gave Zhao Hai an order in front of everyone. When he was away, everyone must listen. Zhao Hai, if anyone dares to disobey Zhao Hai, he will not be polite.

To be honest, when they heard this order, the disciples of the Xuanfu lineage immediately understood Zhao Hai's status among them. They were really envious, but they didn't say anything. They all knew very well. It is useless to say anything now. They must listen to Zhao Hai. If they dare not to listen to Zhao Hai, they will never have a good life.

Zhao Hai led everyone back to the Xuanfu Cave. After everyone arrived at the Xuanfu Cave, he gave everyone their space equipment and then asked them to go back to their rooms. came out, but at the same time, he also opened the defensive array here in Xuanfu Cave, because he was afraid that some of the disciples of Xuanfu lineage would have any contact with the outside world. If the disciples of Xuanfu lineage now had any contact with the outside world, If there is any connection, the consequences would be really unimaginable.

After finishing all these things, Zhao Hai returned to his room. He knew what happened tonight. They must be people from the Yang Fu lineage. They knew that the sect was going to deal with them, so they arrived in advance. It was launched, but Zhao Hai did not expect that the people of Yang Fu's lineage did not choose to escape, but chose to destroy Qingyang Sect. This was indeed a cruel move.

And if Zhao Hai's guess is correct, he can be sure that the people of Yang Fu's lineage should have destroyed all the evidence that they are salvation people. No one knows whether they are really salvation people. , so Qingyang Sect has no way to make a fuss about this matter, so this matter at most means that the Yangfu lineage has rebelled.

There is actually an explanation for the fact that the Yangfu lineage does not escape, that is, the Qingyang Sect has blocked the mountain gate, and no one can leave. The teleportation array cannot be used at all, so the people of the Yangfu lineage, No one could escape, so they directly came to destroy it. Even if they were to die, they would tear off a piece of flesh from the Qingyang Sect.

The night passed quickly. The next morning, a group of disciples from the Law Enforcement Hall came to the Xuanfu Cave. They checked everyone in the Xuanfu Cave and found that there were no people of the Yangfu lineage. He left, but Zhao Hai did not open the defensive formation in the Xuanfu Cave. He was worried that if the people with the Yang Fu lineage were not eliminated, those guys would try to give Xuanfu a chance after they touched the Xuanfu Cave. If the pulse is strong, it will be troublesome.

The matter really made Zhao Hai guess. Not long after the people from the Law Enforcement Hall left, another group of people came to the Xuanfu lineage, claiming to be people from the Law Enforcement Hall. After Zhao Hai got the report, he also He was stunned, but he still went to the entrance of Xuanfu Cave in person to meet those people.

Several people were wearing the clothes of the disciples of the Qingyang Sect Law Enforcement Hall. Zhao Hai had seen these clothes before. They were indeed the clothes of the disciples of the Law Enforcement Hall. Their faces were very calm. Zhao Hai walked up to those people and looked at them. He smiled slightly, then clasped his fists and said, "Are you disciples of the Law Enforcement Hall? Don't you know why I came to the Xuanfu lineage?"

The leader, a tall and cold-faced Law Enforcement Palm disciple, raised his fist towards Zhao Hai and said: "Captain of the Fourth Law Enforcement Palm Team, Qinglang is polite. We are here to check the identity of the Xuanfu disciples. The sect stipulates that disciples of each lineage must undergo three inspections, please cooperate."

Zhao Hai nodded, and then said: "Okay, everyone, please wait a moment. I will contact the master. As long as the master agrees, there will be no problem." After saying that, Zhao Hai took out a communication array and just When I was about to open it, I heard the leading disciple from the Law Enforcement Hall say: "Wait a minute, your identities can't be determined now, so you can't have any contact with the outside world. I'm sorry, you can't have any contact with the outside world now."

Zhao Hai looked at the disciple of the Law Enforcement Hall, suddenly smiled and said: "Then I can only say I'm sorry, I can't let you enter the Xuan Fu Cave." After saying this, Zhao Hai moved and retreated directly When he arrived at the Xuan Fu Cave, countless runes appeared in front of him, and those runes completely separated him from the disciples of the Law Enforcement Hall.

When the disciples of the Law Enforcement Hall saw Zhao Hai's actions, their expressions couldn't help but change. The leader looked at Zhao Hai and said coldly: "Junior brother, I advise you not to mess around. We are Law Enforcement Hall, if you do this now, you are fighting against the Law Enforcement Hall, which will not do you any good."

Zhao Hai smiled slightly, looked at the man and said, "Do you know why I don't believe you? First, although your clothes are made very like those of the Law Enforcement Hall, there is nothing unique about the Law Enforcement Hall disciples on your clothes. A defensive magic circle. The law enforcement hall disciples who came before had such a defensive magic circle on their bodies. Secondly, after you came, you did not show your identity cards as law enforcement hall disciples. This is different from the first batch of law enforcement hall disciples who came here. The disciples of the Law Enforcement Hall are also different. Thirdly, although you are wearing the clothes of the Law Enforcement Hall, the exercises you practice are not the exercises practiced by the disciples of the Law Enforcement Hall. Taking this into consideration, you absolutely cannot be the Law Enforcement Hall. Disciple, so of course I can't let you in, I will write to Master now and ask about this matter." After saying that, Zhao Hai took out the communication circle at one time, but at the same time he used the sound transmission skill Fa directly informed a servant of Zeng Yang beside him and asked him to call everyone out immediately and prepare for battle.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.