c7998 Troubles

"This discovery made my disciple furious. He added their previous attitude towards those properties, which made my disciple very angry. He was about to arrest those disciples for questioning, but he didn't expect those disciples to collectively They defected to the Qianyuan Sect, and a Supreme Elder of the Qianyuan Sect personally came forward to intercede for them, and also found me directly, so I had no choice but to agree and let the disciple stop pursuing this matter."

"But I didn't expect that my disciple was very stubborn and had been secretly pursuing this matter. In the end, they really found out that before they defected, his disciples had always had a close relationship with the Wu family of our sect. Inextricably linked, he finally checked the Wu family carefully, only to find that the Wu family was actually in the same group as the Qianyuan Sect. The head of the Wu family was the daughter of the supreme elder of the Qianyuan Sect. We have become husband and wife a long time ago. The reason why the Wu family still stays in our Qingyang Sect is to steal the information of our Qingyang Sect. My disciple reported this matter to me directly. After I reported it to the sect leader, we immediately discussed the matter. The Wu family cleaned up.”

"But I didn't expect that the son of the head of the Wu family escaped in chaos and was stopped by my disciples. At that time, there were actually people to help them. The people who took care of them were from the Yangfu lineage. , this person from the Yang Fu lineage usually has a very good relationship with the Wu family, but in this case, it is really surprising that they come to support the Wu family. Just when they were fighting , my disciples arrived and captured all the people who responded and the Wu family. However, at that time, my disciples did not want to make this matter too big, so they asked his servants to take them with them. He went back to his Xuanfu Cave first, and he personally brought the Wu family people to see me, but he didn't expect that when his servants were taking those people back to the Xuanfu Cave, they were intercepted halfway and almost A bit of a violent death.”

"Then the people from the Yang Fu lineage actually attacked my disciples again, still in the capacity of super-salvation people. Fortunately, they were all arrested, because this matter is related to super-salvation people, and we don't dare to neglect it, so we are ready We arrested all the people from the Yang Fu lineage and asked them to understand, but they didn’t expect that before we took action, the people from the Yang Fu lineage actually took action first. After we eliminated the Yang Fu lineage, we didn’t want to take action against Yang Fu. When conducting a search at the station of the First Lineage, we found that the Yangfu Lineage had a secret room where there were a large number of ghost magic weapons specially designed to save people. Only then did we confirm that the Yangfu Lineage was indeed a person who saved people. For the safety of the sects, we immediately informed all the sects about this matter.”

Speaking of this, Qingfengzi finally stopped. No one interrupted him, because the people of the Qianyuan Sect were not qualified to come here, so they naturally would not interrupt Qingfengzi, and Qingfengzi went very smoothly. He told everyone about it, but no one spoke until he finished speaking.

Qingfengzi did not hide anything from them, and told everything clearly. In fact, these things are not secrets. If someone really wants to find out, they can find it out easily, so Qingfengzi He didn’t say anything and made everything clear.

Tianjizi didn't speak for a while, as if he was thinking about something. Everyone else also spoke. After a stick of incense, Tianjizi finally spoke: "I really didn't expect that there was such a thing in this matter." There are so many twists and turns, Master Qingye, I wonder if you think this matter is related to the Qianyuan Sect? If this matter is related to the Qianyuan Sect, what will be the consequences? "

Qing Yezi thought for a while and said in a deep voice: "I really don't know if this matter is related to the Qianyuan Sect. As far as the current situation is concerned, the place where this matter is related to the Qianyuan Sect is the Wu family, and The people of the Wu family don't seem to be people who save people, they are just being used by others. As for whether the Qianyuan Sect is related to saving people, it's hard to say." Qing Yezi did not add insult to injury directly, so he said The Qianyuan Sect is related to the salvation of people. He is very clear that his words cannot influence these people, so he simply expressed his true thoughts. He really has no way to be sure that the Qianyuan Sect is related to the salvation of people. .

Tian Jizi seemed to be very satisfied with Qing Yezi's answer. He raised his wine glass and said to Qing Yezi: "Thank you, Master Qing Yezi. We will definitely investigate this matter carefully. If the Qianyuan Sect is really related to the salvation of people, , we will never let go of the Qianyuan Sect. By the way, I wonder if Qingye Sect Master kept all those ghost living weapons? Those things are all evidence." After finishing speaking, he drank the wine in the glass. .

Qing Yeye quickly drank the wine in the glass, and then said: "We have kept all those ghost magic weapons. Without those ghost magic weapons, we would not be sure whether the people of the Yang Fu lineage would be the same as Chaodu. It has something to do with people. At first, we thought they were people from the Yangfu lineage, wearing the clothes of super salvation people, and preparing to cause trouble to super salvation people. I really didn’t expect such a result. It’s embarrassing to say that, in front of my eyes There is actually a group of people who have transcended salvation, and we only discovered it now, so we are really sorry about it."

Tian Jizi put down his wine glass, shook his head, and said in a deep voice: "Chaodu people are very good at hiding their identities, so it is quite normal that Master Qingye Sect did not find them. Anyway, now Master Qingye Sect, you have already We have discovered the identities of those who have been saved, and this matter is very helpful to all of us. We will never ignore this matter, because it concerns all the sects in Wanshan Realm."

Qing Yezi nodded. At this time, the disciples of Qingyang Sect brought some wine and food to each table. This time, the food and wine served were the main dishes. Qing Ye Zi toasted everyone at the same time, so everyone seemed very happy. , this time the banquet lasted for about two hours, and then it ended.

When the banquet was over, Qingye arranged a place for Tianjizi and the others to rest. After the arrangements were made, he led Tianjizi and the others to Yangfu Mountain to see the secret room that they had dug out, and I told them how the secret room was discovered and why they had to dig so deep.

After seeing the secret room, they then looked at the ghost magic weapons obtained by the Qingyang Sect. This ghost magic weapon was the name they gave to the magic weapons that allowed ghosts to enter naturally, because this kind of magic weapon could allow people to enter the secret room naturally. Ghosts can come and go freely, so it is called a ghost weapon.

Seeing so many ghost magic weapons, all the last doubts of Tian Jizi and the others disappeared. He felt that this matter was definitely true and was not said randomly by Qingyang Sect. This immediately aroused Tian Jizi's suspicions. Jizi and the others paid attention. They stayed at Qingyang Sect for a few more days and questioned Zeng Yang and Zhao Hai respectively. Of course, Zeng Yang and Zhao Hai told the truth. Finally, Tianjizi and the others left with satisfaction. .

But soon news came that after Tianjizi and the others left Qingyang Sect, they went directly to Qianyuan Sect and conducted an investigation on Qianyuan Sect. However, the results of this investigation shocked everyone. I was shocked to find that there was actually someone in the Qianyuan Sect who could save people, and he was also a supreme elder. It was Wu Zhen's father-in-law who had made a deal with Qingfengzi before, and he turned out to be the person who could save people.

What's even more unexpected is that Wu Zhen's father-in-law actually controlled most of the people in the Qianyuan Sect. When Tianjizi and the others found Wu Zhen's father-in-law, Wu Zhen's father-in-law actually led people to attack Tian Jizi. Many of Jizi, Tianjizi and the others died in the Qianyuan Sect, and only a few of Tianjizi and the others escaped alive.

This incident caused a huge sensation in Wanshan Realm. All the sects in Wanshan Realm were very angry. They immediately organized manpower and prepared to attack the Qianyuan Sect. However, what people did not expect was that the Qianyuan Sect Many people disappeared without a trace overnight. Not only those people who were proved to be transcended people all disappeared, but also other people disappeared. When the armies of various sects , when he came to Qianyuan Sect, Qianyuan Sect actually disappeared.

Although the Qianyuan Sect had disappeared, this incident also attracted the attention of each sect. Each sect immediately conducted an investigation within its own sect. While he was conducting the investigation, various sects began to investigate. There are some forces that disappear overnight. Although it cannot be proved that they are the people who save people, the people who run away in this situation may have an inexplicable relationship with the people who save people.

But the Qingyang Sect, the sect that caused this turmoil, seems to have been forgotten. Everyone is conducting a thorough investigation of their own sect, or tracing the Chaodu people, and no one is taking care of the Qingyang Sect. The situation here has improved, but Qingyang Sect itself has not relaxed.

The people of the Qingyang Sect are still very sober. They know very well that in this situation, they must be more careful, because this time it can be said that their plan to save people has been completely destroyed. The enmity with the Chaodu people has become great. In this case, they will definitely be hated by the Chaodu people, who will attack them sooner or later.

And in places where no one pays attention, that is, outside the influence of each sect, or some peripheral gangs composed of casual cultivators that each sect does not look at at all, changes are also taking place. Some originally belong to The forces of the Yangfu lineage and the Qianyuan Sect were swallowed up silently, and most of the people who swallowed up those forces were people from the Hell Sect, with only a few people who were not from the Hell Sect. They also behaved very generously towards those who competed with them for territory, and did not take action against those people, because the people at Hell Gate knew very well that they had too much territory to take over this time, and they could no longer control it. Those territories are already occupied, and it is inevitable that some will be taken away.

The people from Hell Gate also investigated the people who grabbed the territory from them and found that they had no backs. They were just some gangs from various places. This time they took action was just a coincidence, because they had a relationship with those gangs in the first place. They had a grudge, and this time it was just for revenge, but they didn't expect that those gangs were wiped out directly by them, and they were also very surprised.

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.