c7991 Plan

Qingfengzi still didn't open his eyes, but turned his head in the direction of Zhao Hai, and then said in a deep voice: "Well, you are Zhao Ying, right? Yes, you did a good job, I really didn't expect that you alone, Against two people with the same strength as you, you can still restrain those two people. Although you are the chosen one, it seems to be very advantageous, but in fact, the combat power of many chosen people is really comparable to that of the chosen one. You have no comparison, so you are really good. .”

Zhao Hai hurriedly said: "Master, thank you for the award. Thanks to the Beast King Pearl you gave me. Otherwise, my strength would not have improved so fast. It is because of the Beast King Pearl that I have reached my current strength." The reason why Zhao Hai said this was to explain why his strength suddenly became a star level. You must know that a star level is already considered a small master. If he doesn't have a reasonable explanation, it will definitely not work.

When Qingfengzi heard what Zhao Hai said, he couldn't help but smile slightly and said: "It seems that the Beast King Pearl was given to you, and it is really the right one. You should practice well in the future." Zhao Hai responded, and then retreated to Zeng Behind Yang, Zeng Yang just glanced at him, nodded, and said nothing.

Qingfengzi glanced at the people below who were restrained by him, and then said: "I really didn't expect that people from the Yangfu lineage would actually be related to the transcendent people. Zeng Yang, are all the things here recorded? Are you down?" As soon as Qingfengzi said these words, Zhao Hai was stunned. He really didn't expect that Qingfengzi would actually start to use projection jade slips to record things here. This clearly meant that he wanted to keep them. Put down the evidence.

Zeng Yang quickly said: "Yes, Master, it has been completely recorded. There is no problem." Of course Zeng Yang knew what Qing Fengzi meant. This time they just wanted to seize the handle of Yang Fu's lineage, and used this Use it as an excuse to rectify the Yang Fu lineage. In the process of rectification, you can slowly reveal all the basics of the Yang Fu lineage, and then find an opportunity to directly remove the Yang Fu lineage. All the people were taken care of.

But they didn't expect that this action would have such great results. The people of the Yangfu lineage would not deal with Zhao Hai as disciples of Qingyang Sect, but as supersuccessors. Although Zhao Hai's Chaosu people have been here in Wanshan Realm for a long time, and the people in Wanshan Realm have already acquiesced to their existence, there is a degree in it, that is to say, Chaodu people You can exist, and you have to cultivate people by yourself, but you must not reach out to the sects. If you really dare to reach out to the sects, then the sects will not be polite to you.

This can be said to be a tacit agreement. Over the years, Chaodu Ren seems to have been very honest and has not touched this thunder. However, what happened this time is really unreasonable. Although Qingyang Sect is only a middle-level Sect, but it is also a sect, and its strength is not weak. In this case, Chaodu people dare to reach out to Qingyang Sect. That is terrible. That means that Chaodu people have the courage to reach out to Qingyang Sect. Go to any sect.

To be honest, Zeng Yang was the most shocked by this incident, because Zhao Hai knew what was going on, and looking at Qing Fengzi, it seemed that he also knew what was going on, which made Zhao Hai even more worried. Qingfengzi's identity was confirmed, but Zeng Yang didn't know anything.

It was precisely because he didn't know anything that Zeng Yang was very shocked. He never thought that people from the Yang Fu lineage would have anything to do with people who transcended people. He still thought that people from the Yang Fu lineage People who are pretending to be super-salvation people are trying to cause trouble to super-salvation people.

But no matter what, if the people of the Yang Fu lineage have a relationship with the transcendent people, then they will naturally have an excuse to deal with the people of the Yang Fu lineage, and this time the reasons are even more sufficient, so Although Zeng Yang was very shocked, he didn't say much.

Qingfengzi said in a deep voice: "Let's go back. This time not only the people of the Yangfu lineage are finished, but also the people who have transcended people must give us a reasonable explanation. Let's go." After saying this, he moved his hand, and those people The people he controlled all flew behind him, and then a white light flashed from his body, and the next moment everyone disappeared.

After they disappeared, Xiaojiu and the others appeared in Linyuan Town. Now Linyuan Town was severely damaged, and many houses inside had collapsed. However, Zhao Hai had told them before, so they did not There was no surprise. Fortunately, there was nothing else here except the house. All useful things were moved to the cave.

Xiaojiu took a look at Linyuan Town, then turned to the others and said: "We must make some preparations. In the future, eldest brother may have more enemies, and his enemies must know our existence, and maybe they will They will come to deal with us. Whether they catch us and threaten Big Brother, or kill us directly to stimulate Big Brother, there is no problem. So we must be more careful and avoid three holes. We must prepare more places to hide. ”

Everyone else also nodded, and Duandao said: "But this is not an easy task. I think it is best for us to prepare more teleportation arrays, so that it will be easier for us to leave." Everyone else also nodded, thinking this proposal was a good one.

Xiaojiu nodded and said in a deep voice: "Okay, let's prepare slowly. I believe the eldest brother will also think of this. Okay, let's clean up this place first. Linyuan Town must be preserved. "Everyone responded. Although the weather is already very cold now, for them, the impact is not great.

At this time, Zhao Hai and the others had returned to Qingyang Sect. As soon as they arrived at Qingyang Sect, Zeng Yang asked Zhao Hai to go back to Xuanfu Cave, but he followed Qingfengzi, and the two of them directly He went to the main peak of Qingyang Sect, and then gave the evidence directly to the leader of Qingyang Sect.

Qing Yezi, the leader of Qingyang Sect, is also one of the top masters of Qingyang Sect. He looks older than Qingfengzi. His hair is all white, but the clothes on his body look very gorgeous. With his Chinese character face, the whole person gives people a feeling of calmness and self-power. He is like an old lion. Although he is old, he can still eat people.

Qing Fengzi gave the jade slip to Qing Yezi, who released the projection in the jade slip, took a look at the content of the projection, and then said solemnly: "I really didn't expect that this Yang Fu lineage would actually be related to transcending people. Look, I really want to keep them here, so come here, invite the other Supreme Elders and tell them that there is something important, and at the same time also call Qing Xing, the master of the sect's law enforcement hall."

A disciple immediately outside the door responded, and then went to call for someone. Qing Yezi glanced at Zeng Yang, and then said in a deep voice: "Zeng Yang, that's good. You are a very good disciple, and you are actually a divine choice. You have to train such a person well." Zeng Yang responded immediately.

God's Chosen People are very powerful and can change their physical appearance. Even powerful God's Chosen People can transform into multiple physical forms. However, it is very difficult for God's Chosen People to ascend. However, if each sect The most important reason is that even if the chosen person cannot ascend, his strength will be very strong. As the sect's Dinghai Shenzhen, there is absolutely no problem.

Zeng Yang responded, and Qingfengzi said with a smile: "Sect Master, I have already looked at that boy. His talent is still very good. Please rest assured, Sect Master." Qing Yezi nodded, now in Qingyang Sect , Qingfengzi has many disciples, and all of them are not weak in strength. An outer disciple like Zeng Yang has become the master of a lineage. It can be said that Qingfengzi’s influence in the sect is now The power is already very huge, and it also shows that Qingfengzi's method of teaching his disciples is indeed good. If Qingfengzi focuses on training Zhao Hai, then Zhao Hai's future will definitely be unlimited.

At this moment, three more old people came to Qing Yezi's study, namely Qing Ruizi, Qing Yunzi, Qing Yanzi, and Qing Xing, Qing Ruizi, Qing Yunzi, and Qing Yanzi, all of whom were from the Qingyang Sect. The Supreme Elder, but Qing Xing is the elder of the Qingyang Sect's Law Enforcement Hall, and he controls the Qingyang Sect's law enforcement disciples.

In the Qingyang Sect, the law enforcement disciples have a very high status and are very powerful. They are a force that cannot be underestimated in the Qingyang Sect, and this force is generally controlled by the sect. It can be said that they are an important force in Qingye's hands.

Qingyezi waited until everyone sat down before telling them the matter. When Qingfengzi was going to deal with the Yangfu lineage before, they also knew about it and agreed to it. This time they just thought they were here to see the result. , but they didn’t expect that people from the Yang Fu lineage would actually be related to people who save people. Although they still believe that people from the Yang Fu lineage can’t really be people who save people. They may just be people who save people. It was precisely because of this that they did not take the matter seriously.

The reason why they want to deal with people from the Yangfu lineage is because they are related to the Wu family, and the Wu family is related to the Qianyuan Sect. In other words, people from the Yangfu lineage are very likely to be related to the Qianyuan Sect. This is something they cannot tolerate. You must know that the Qingyang Sect and the Qianyuan Sect are feuding. When they know that the Yangfu lineage may be related to the Qianyuan Sect, they will definitely deal with the Qianyuan Sect. Zong's.

The second is because of interests, Qingyang Sect is not a big sect. Even though Qingyang Sect has five immortal-level masters, compared with other sects, it is still far behind. It is precisely because of this, so In fact, the interests of the Qingyang Sect have never been divided enough, and the Yangfu lineage is a veteran force in the Qingyang Sect. They control a lot of interests. If they can take care of the Yangfu lineage, Then each of them will get a lot of benefits, which is definitely a good thing for them, so they want to deal with the people of the Yang Fu lineage and destroy the Yang Fu lineage, and their disciples and grandchildren , they have all had good days, which is also the biggest reason why they deal with the Yang Fu lineage at the same time.