c7994 cling to

Those people wearing Law Enforcement Hall clothes couldn't help but change their expressions when they heard what Zhao Hai said. Then one of them immediately waved his hand and said loudly: "Come on." After speaking, he moved his hand, and there was more in his hand. He picked up a piece of talisman paper, and then threw the talisman paper forward. The talisman paper was immediately attached to the defensive array of Xuanfu Cave. Then there was a loud bang, and the defensive formation in front of the Xuanfu Cave door unexpectedly It broke immediately, and those people wearing the clothes of the Law Enforcement Hall rushed straight into the Xuan Fu Cave.

But at this time, Zhao Hai suddenly moved, and a giant ape appeared on his body. This golden giant ape was more than ten meters tall. It stood on the spot and roared for a while. What was even more surprising was that , this giant ape actually held a meteor hammer in its hand, and then the meteor hammer flew out of the giant hammer's hand and hit those people wearing law enforcement hall clothes.

Those people were all stunned, and then their expressions changed slightly. As soon as they looked at the giant ape and the weapon in the hands of the giant ape, they knew that the weapon must be a magic weapon. You must know that the magic weapon is not It was so easy to obtain. The average star expert did not have any Dharma weapon, but they did not expect that Zhao Hai would have it in his hands. They immediately summoned the Dharma weapon, and various Dharma objects appeared at the same time. He rushed towards the giant ape.

But they still underestimated the meteor hammer in the giant ape's hand. They didn't know how powerful the meteor hammer was. Speaking of the meteor hammer, it didn't have much ability. Speaking of the meteor hammer, he really There is only one characteristic of the car, and that is heavy, very heavy, but here, this one advantage outweighs all the advantages.

It was as if the meteor hammer had really turned into a meteor, and it hit those people directly. It hit a tiger-shaped Dharma on the head. The tiger-shaped Dharma was different from ordinary tigers. It turned out to be not hair, but a layer of hard armor, with a horn growing on its head. It looked very scary.

But when the meteor hammer hit the head of the tiger-shaped Dharma form, the tiger-shaped Dharma form was smashed into pieces and disappeared directly. The meteor hammer actually hit the monk directly, and the monk was directly killed. It was smashed into blood mist, flying everywhere.

Then, when the giant ape moved his hand, the meteor hammer turned, and the rope of the meteor hammer was entangled with another sword-shaped dharma image. Then the giant ape pulled, and the sword-shaped dharma image was directly broken. The Dharma image disappeared directly, revealing the monk inside, but unfortunately, the monk was also strangled by the rope and strangled to death.

But at this moment, the other two sword-shaped Dharma signs came directly in front of the giant ape and stabbed straight at the giant ape. At this moment, suddenly a layer of armor appeared on the giant ape's body, and he heard There was a clang, and the two giant magic weapons pierced the armor directly. Two cracks appeared on the armor. The giant ape also roared to the sky, as if it was in pain, but he did not move. , but his two legs have already sunk into the ground.

At this time, all the other disciples in Xuanfu Cave rushed out. When they saw the battle at the entrance of the cave, they were all stunned. They all knew that Zhao Hai's Dharma Appearance had turned into a white crane. Why did the giant ape Dharma Appearance appear here again? ? But they couldn't think too much at this time. The situation was already very obvious. The people outside wanted to enter the Xuan Fu Cave, but the giant ape was resisting, so they immediately went to help.

Everyone also knew very well that if they rushed forward like this, they would be risking death, so they all transformed into their own Dharma forms and prepared to step forward to help. At this time, I heard Zhao Hai's voice suddenly coming from the giant ape's mouth: "Behind me, form a second line of defense and write a letter to Master, asking Master to come back for rescue."

Although he was talking, his hand did not stop. At this time, his meteor hammer flew out at once, killing two more people, but at the same time, he received a few more blows, and the brilliance on the giant ape seemed to be He disappeared a little, but he still didn't take a step back.

Zhao Hai has already seen that these people are very powerful. If they are really allowed to enter the Xuanfu Cave, then the people in the Xuanfu Cave will be in real danger, whether it is Le Wenzhen or Lin Cang and the others are no match for these people. Now he can only use the small space at the entrance of the cave to block all these people. If they really let them enter the cave, the mysterious talisman will be destroyed this time. I'm afraid my vitality will be severely damaged.

Of course, his strength is not just this little, but he has to pretend that his strength is only this, only in this way will not arouse others' suspicion. He believes that Zeng Yang will definitely do it as soon as possible after hearing the voice here. He came back in a hurry, and if there were experts in the cave next to them, they would definitely come back. As long as he persisted for a while, everything would be fine.

Finally, after the giant ape threw the meteor hammer for the third time, he was hit by two more. The giant ape let out an unwilling cry and disappeared. At this time, those people also rushed into the cave. Go, but at this moment, a clear crane chirping sound came, and then the crane chirping sound sounded, and a white crane suddenly appeared at the entrance of the cave. The white crane's wings flapped, and a strong wind blew, and it was directly They stopped all those who wanted to rush into the cave. Then they saw the white crane fluttering its wings and flying directly from the ground. However, he did not fly very high. The two crane claws were in the air. As he kept waving, almost all the Dharma signs he caught were immediately shattered.

But there were only about a dozen teams left from the other side, and these people were weak. They attacked Bai He together, and Bai He also received a few blows. It was obvious that Bai He might not be able to survive for long, and he was already beaten. Zeng Yang went to the letter and everyone was ready to fight.

Just when the White Crane Dharma also disappeared and Zhao Hai fell from the air, a loud shout came: "You dare to come to my Xuan Fu Cave to cause trouble, you are so brave." Following this voice, a A big hand suddenly stretched out from the Mysterious Talisman Cave, and slapped a rune array. A loud bang was heard, and the rune array was directly exploded, and a person was also directly hit. Patted into meat sauce.

Then they saw that hand, waving constantly, and the few people who had stopped at the entrance of the cave were all killed by him in the blink of an eye. Then everyone discovered that Zeng Yang flew out of the cave, Le Wenzhen and the others immediately saluted Zeng Yang and said in unison: "I have met Master."

Zeng Yang ignored them, but moved directly to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai was lying on the ground at this time, unconscious. Zeng Yang took a look at Zhao Hai's situation, and then asked his A trace of spiritual energy was injected into the body, but it was found that Zhao Hai's body was empty, without a trace of spiritual energy. There was some vibration in the body, but there was no serious injury.

Zeng Yang took a deep breath, and then he waved his hand, and two servants immediately flew to his side. Zeng Yang said in a deep voice: "Send Zhao Ying back to his room, and take good care of him." The injury is not too serious, it will be fine if you rest for a while." The two servants responded, then lifted Zhao Hai and flew to Zhao Hai's yard.

Zeng Yang turned around and glanced at those who appeared at the entrance of the cave, then snorted coldly and said: "Yang Fu's lineage really has some back-ups. If Xiaoying hadn't been clever, I would have been really dangerous this time. ." After saying that, he turned to look at the other disciples and said in a deep voice: "Okay, you all should go back. Remember, the sect only sent a group of disciples from the Law Enforcement Hall. If anyone dares to pretend to be the Law Enforcement Hall, If my disciples come, I will kill them directly."

Everyone responded immediately, and then Zeng Yang waved his hands. Everyone saluted him, then turned and left. When everyone left, Zeng Yang took a look at the situation in Xuanfu Cave. Here, Xuanfu Cave, Although the entrance of the cave has been somewhat damaged, there has not been any damage inside the cave. This is all because Zhao Hai stayed at the entrance of the cave and did not let the enemy enter the cave.

He took another look at the defensive array in the cave and found that several array talismans had been destroyed. Seeing those destroyed array talismans, he couldn't help but murmured: "It turned out to be a broken array talisman, and it was of a high level. Breaking the formation talisman, it's no wonder, but where did these guys get the news? Not only did they start in advance, but they also hid some of the people in preparation for us to do something cruel? Those guys from the Yang Fu lineage, It seems that I have been prepared for it for a long time, this thing is a bit weird." As he said that, he replaced the broken talismans.

At this time, he suddenly received another letter from Qingfengzi, asking him what happened. If everything was okay, he would go to his place immediately. Zeng Yang immediately waved his hand and called several servants. , and then said to the servants: "Watch this place, if there are disciples pretending to be law enforcement hall, you know what to do." The servants all responded, and then Zeng Yang flashed a white light and directly Just disappeared in place.

The next moment, Zeng Yang appeared in Qingfengzi's cave. When he saluted Qingfengzi, Qingfengzi waved his hand and said, "Excuse me. Tell me, what's going on?" Qingfengzi said. When I heard that Xuanfu Cave was under attack, I was also surprised, so I sent a letter so anxiously and called Zeng Yang over.

Zeng Yang immediately spoke: "Before, there was a group of people who pretended to be disciples of the Law Enforcement Hall and wanted to enter my Xuan Fu Cave, but their identity was revealed by Zhao Ying. Then those people launched a strong attack. They had broken The formation talisman broke the defensive formation in my cave. Fortunately, Zhao Ying stood guard at the entrance of the cave and fought to the death, finally blocking their attack. However, now Zhao Ying is also injured, and it seems that the injury is not very serious. Master, please rest assured."

When Qing Fengzi heard what he said, he said in a deep voice: "But the remnants of the Yang Fu lineage?" He was actually certain now that they must be the remnants of the Yang Fu lineage, and no one else would be waiting here, right? Xuan Fu Yimai took action, but after all, he did not go to the battlefield. He was still a little worried, just worried that something would go wrong.

Zeng Yang nodded and said: "They are people from the Yang Fu lineage. Several of them are exactly the people we were looking for but could not find. Obviously their actions this time were planned and purposeful, and they had time to find them." It’s very accurate.”

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.