c8000 General Assembly

"Dangdang Dangdang" ... The bell coming from a sound came, and this bell echoed the entire Qingyang Mountain. All disciples of Qing Yangzong who heard this bell stopped talking. Everyone looked at it. In front of them, there was a high platform. On that high platform, a group of people were standing there. The leader of this group of people was Qing Yezi, the leader of Qingyang Sect, and the other three members of Qingyang Sect were The Supreme Elders all stood there.

When the bell stopped, Qing Yezi glanced at the people below, and then said: "Today is the day of our Qingyang Sect's annual sect conference. In the past year, our Qingyang Sect has The sect has encountered many things. Although the sect has suffered some losses, we have eliminated one of the biggest cancers in our Qingyang Sect. Therefore, although we have suffered some losses, I believe that our Qingyang Sect will definitely succeed. It’s getting better and better.”

All disciples of the Qingyang Sect know what has happened in the Qingyang Sect in the past year. In fact, it is only what happened in the past few months. Things about the Wu family, things about the Yangfu lineage, plus the battle between the Qingruizi elders. Too many things happened, including the death and the occupation of Qingyang Sect's territory. After this series of events, the strength of Qingyang Sect was greatly damaged, and some of its territory was also occupied. This made the disciples of Qingyang Sect feel very aggrieved, but there was nothing they could do.

Qing Yezi glanced at the disciples below, and then said: "In the past period of time, too many things have happened in our Qingyang Sect, and among these things, there are also some disciples in our sect who have behaved very well. Excellent, today after some discussion among us, we decided to reward the best performer and invite Elder Zeng Yang to come to the stage."

Then as soon as Qing Zi finished speaking, Zeng Yang moved and slowly flew to the stage. After landing on the stage, he saluted Qing Zi and the others. Qing Zi glanced at Zeng Yang and then said : "Elder Zeng Yang, in the past period of time, he has performed very well in the face of various things that happened in the sect. Therefore, starting from today, Elder Zeng Yang will be promoted to the elder of the sect's Qing generation, and will be given the special title Qing. Positive."

Zeng Yang, no, his name should be Qingyang now. Qingyang saluted to Qing Yezi and then to several other elders. There was a hint of excitement on his face. He couldn't help but be excited. You know He has received this title of Qing, which means that he can go further in the Qingyang Sect in the future, and he is qualified to become the true senior leader of the Qingyang Sect.

Qingfengzi looked at his disciple with a smile on his face. Zeng Yang was the first one among all his named disciples to receive the title of Qing. It can be said that this title means a lot to Qingyang. But it is very important, and it is also very important to Qingfeng and his family.

Qing Zi looked at Qing Yang's look and couldn't help but smile. Then he changed Qing Yang's identity card and then let Qing Yang get off the stage. But this time Qing Yang was off stage, so he could stand next to Qing Zi. It can be said that his identity and status are much stronger than before.

Then Qingyezi continued to speak: "Everyone also knows what happened to our sect in the past few months. What happened to our sect is a shame for our Qingyang Sect. I hope that all disciples can Remember this shame and work hard. One day in the future, we can take back everything our Qingyang Sect has lost and make our Qingyang Sect stronger. At the same time, the sect decided to open the first floor of the Sutra Collection Pavilion. , all disciples can enter the first floor of the Sutra Pavilion and study for free. I hope everyone can seize this opportunity and study hard. Okay, the meeting is over."

When everyone heard the decision of Qing Yezi, everyone cheered for a while. They were really happy. This decision of the sect was really very important to these disciples. You must know that the sect had The Menzangjing Pavilion has never been open to the public for free. Even if you want to go to the first level to learn the common techniques there, you must pay a certain number of contribution points. This also makes many outsiders The disciples of the sect have no way to learn more advanced techniques. Now this decision of the sect is certain to allow many outer disciples to learn many techniques that are more suitable for them. For them, It is definitely a good thing, and it is also a good thing for Qingyang Sect.

After the conference was over, Qingyang led Zhao Hai and the others back to the Xuanfu Cave. Although he was now a disciple of the Qing generation, he still lived here in the Xuanfu Cave, but his status was very different. The same, the treatment will naturally be better, and the sect will give him more industries for Qingyang to manage. This is definitely a good thing for Qingyang. If it were before, Qingyang might He would also seek benefits from the sect's industries from his former disciples, but since Zhao Hai's method, he no longer had such thoughts, because he found that as long as the sect's Once Xun Industry is managed, he will definitely not lose any benefits.

So Qingyang was more interested in Zhao Hai. After returning to Xuanfu Cave, Qingyang immediately called Zhao Hai to his small building. When the two of them arrived in the study, they found someone in the study, a The old man was sorting things in Qingyang's study in the study, but the old man's health didn't seem to be very good, and he would cough from time to time.

As soon as he saw the old man, Zhao Hai immediately saluted him and said: "Uncle Qi." This old man was Uncle Qi. He was seriously injured before. Although his injuries have healed now, his lungs are still weak. He was severely injured and would never fully recover in this life, so he coughed from time to time.

Uncle Qi also turned to smile at Zhao Hai and returned the salute: "Young Master." Qingyang waved his hand and said: "Okay, Xiao Qi, you are not as polite as Xiao Ying, your identity is not complete yet. Recovery requires more rest, just leave these things to others."

Uncle Qi said with a smile: "Master, my body is fine. The remaining injuries cannot be cured so quickly. Master, there is no need to worry about my health. Xiao Qi is here to congratulate Master for being able to become Qing Zi Elder." No one will doubt Uncle Qi's loyalty to Qingyang. He is really happy for Qingyang.

Qingyang smiled and said: "Okay, now the sect just gave me a title, it's nothing special. Just in time, Xiaoqi, don't be busy, sit down and listen to what I'm going to say next. ." Uncle Qi responded and sat down with Zhao Hai.

Qingyang glanced at the two of them, and then said in a deep voice: "This time the sect gave me such a title, I think there will be other rewards in the future, at least I will be allowed to run the sect's business. Some industries, Xiaoying, some industries in the sect must be managed well, and the way you run the industry is very good. Do you have anything to say about the sect's industries?"

Zhao Hai said in a deep voice: "Replying to Master, it is not that easy to manage the sect's industry, and it depends on the current operating situation of the sect's industry, so we wait until the sect takes over the industry. After it was sent out, we were making decisions, but now even if we say it, it’s of no use.”

Qingyang nodded and turned to look at Uncle Qi. Uncle Qi said in a deep voice: "What the young master said is very reasonable. Master, in fact, what is the situation of the industries in the sect? I think you are also very aware of it." Obviously, because those industries are all owned by the sect, no matter which elder is running them, they will all have a hand in those industries and reap huge benefits from them. The managers of those industries are also very fat. The reason why this is so No one has cared about those people for many years because they have used the benefits they have gained to build a huge network of relationships. If the owner wants to change the situation of those industries, he has to face the entire network of relationships. For us, It is not an easy thing. Although the sect leader has undergone drastic changes now and there may be some changes, at the same time, the sect also hopes for stability. If we really become too ruthless and powerful, we may It is something that the sect absolutely does not want to see causing turmoil in the sect, so it is really very difficult to change this matter."

When Qingyang heard what Uncle Qi said, he couldn't help but be startled. Then he couldn't help but frown. Then he looked at Uncle Qi and said, "Xiao Qi, do you really think so? If you really think so, Then this matter is really difficult to handle. The sect does not want any turmoil now. If there is any turmoil, the sect may suffer greater losses, but if it is still like other people , I just want to get benefits from the industries of the sect, and I don’t want to, what do you think we should do?” Qingyang really hopes to have some changes, but it is obvious that these changes are not at the right time and are encountered. The resistance will be great.

When Zhao Hai heard what Qingyang said, his eyes suddenly lit up, and then he said to Qingyang: "Master, actually we have another way, that is, we don't want the properties given to you by the sect, but some In the sect, if there are no properties that no one wants, then we will gather some of the servants and disciples in the sect and recruit some casual cultivators from outside to help us run those properties, although these properties may not be useful at first. There will be too much income, but as long as it is managed well and lasts a long time, the income will be huge. As for the sect’s unwanted properties, as long as you come over, they will be completely yours. You don’t have to worry about them. Wouldn't it be better if others take these industries away from you, so that our profits will be huge, and no one will be able to take charge of us?"

When Qingyang and Uncle Qi heard what Zhao Hai said, they were all stunned. Then their expressions couldn't help but change, and then their eyes all lit up. Uncle Qi even said: "Master, Young Master's This method is very good. In recent years, the sect has had too many industries, which have been completely abandoned because they have been completely lost. If we can get those industries in our hands and run them well, then for us , it will be a huge windfall, and it will be entirely ours, no one can take it away from us, this is a great thing."

Please remember the domain name of this book:. Mobile version URL: m.