	Chapter 1





	Australia, the military base of Darwin. It is located on the site where until the end of World War III was an international airport, which was subsequently closed due to the almost complete isolation of Australia from the rest of the world. Instead of the airport under the auspices of Britain, a magic research center was built here.

	The policy of isolation did not mean completely giving up interaction with other countries. Although international diplomatic contacts at the state level were blocked, but limited communication with other countries was maintained in the form of private trade or disguised as interaction between civilians.

	By itself, this "isolation" was not an official state policy, but the border crossing was severely restricted and accompanied by serious checks under the pretext of preventing the invasion of terrorists. In fact, entry and exit from the country became practically impossible. Therefore, if the government needed to let someone in, it was done in secret. Sending diplomats for talks was also classified.

	Australia has made progress in turning its vast deserts into cultivable lands, and could provide itself with food and minerals. Resources are enough for complete self-sufficiency.

	What Australia really needed was in military technology to protect the country. In particular, in such military magical technology that could resist invading from the coastline detachments of the enemy with such success that losses among civil and private property were minimal.

	This country has always had friendly relations with Britain, which along with the USNA was considered a country with highly developed magical technologies.



	On the Darwin Air Force base, a British hypersonic aircraft landed. This aircraft could fly in the upper layers of the stratosphere and reach a speed that exceeds the speed of sound by 6 times. The aircraft had a unique coloring for the tiger, which showed that his passenger was VIP for the British army.

	This man was neither a high-ranking officer, nor an influential politician, but a civilian who was a key figure in the British defense forces, which made him a man of the highest importance.

	- Sir William MacLeod. We are looking forward to your arrival. - Commander Darwin personally met the British VIP.

	It was William MacLeod, one of the Thirteen Apostles, magicians of a strategic class. They were still called the Thirteen Apostles, because the Great Asin Alliance did not formally recognize the death of Liu Yongde.

	"Thank you for your courteous reception."

	MacLeod is now 60 years old. He is a tall, thin, elderly gentleman with sleek gray hair. Looking at him, it's hard to imagine that this person is equal to the Prime Minister of Britain, or maybe even higher than him.

	"Sir William, please follow me."

	The assistant commander of the base opened the door of the waiting car, but did not salute, but bowed politely. Elegantly bowing in response, MacLeod sat in a Rolls-Royce limousine.



	The limousine was on its way to the bunker, located deep under the base, in which there was a research laboratory. Here, research was conducted on ways to improve the body of the magician, as well as the methods of creating magicians. Once MacLeod had already visited here and helped the Australian military to create a magician.

	MacLeod's knowledge was also used to strengthen natural magicians.

	It is no exaggeration to say that he made a major contribution to the restoration of Australia's magical military forces after the war.

	"I have not seen you for a long time, sir."

	"Sir, it's an honor to see you again."

	In a luxurious room, by which you cannot tell that it is underground, MacLeod was met by two people. A European-looking girl, looking for 12-13 years, and a European-looking man aged just over 30.

	"Jas, I'm glad to see you again." Captain Johnson, too, has not changed at all.

	"Me too, sir."

	"Thank you, sir."

	"You two, make yourself comfortable." - Sitting, MacLeod ordered two people.

	Neither the girl nor the captain moved, and stood quietly and evenly, with an army bearing.

	- So, you already know the tasks?

	The girl and the captain answered in a chorus: "Yes, sir."

	"I believe that for you guys this is a bad mission, but Japan has greatly shaken the world balance of power, so we have no choice." This mission is important not only for your country, but also for Britain.

	With the reorganization of the world order after the Third World War, the British Commonwealth of Nations virtually ceased to exist. But despite the disappearance of the organization, communications remained. Secret cooperation continued, so that the New British Commonwealth could begin at any suitable moment.

	However, the New British Commonwealth was not the only option for Britain and Australia. Both countries definitely realized this, and also knew that they think the same.

	"No, we have no objection to the order." We will do everything possible. - Answered the girl, who was called Jas. Her real name was Captain Jasmine Williams. She was from the "Williams family", which appeared with the direct participation of MacLeod. She looked only 12-13 years old, but in fact she was a qualified magician, and she turned 29 this year.

	- I see. - Satisfiedly nodding, MacLeod took out a memory card from his inner pocket.

	"I think you need to listen to the details of the operation again."

	- Yes, sir. - In response to the words of MacLeod, Johnson said.

	- Here detailed details of the operation are recorded. Names, as usual, are omitted.

	As MacLeod said, it was common, so neither Jasmine nor Johnson showed any misunderstanding.

	- The purpose of the attack is near the coast of the island of Kume, which is part of the Okinawa archipelago. It is an artificial island, created by Japan with the purpose of extracting minerals from the ocean floor. - MacLeod began his explanation to the two waiting people.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	March 10, 2097, Sunday.

	Ichijo Masaki, who attended First High during a terrorist search mission, went home to Kanazawa. After passing it, Tatsuya and Miyuki returned to the reception of the Kanto Branch of the Magical Association. There they were expected by the current head of the Yotsuba family, as well as their aunt, Yotsuba Maya.

	"Haha-hue, did I keep you waiting?"

	Tatsuya said "mother" (haha), and not "aunt" (both), since they were in a magical association, and not in a private house of Yotsuba.

	- No, Tatsuya-san. I still have free time before the planned cases.

	She looked at her watch. But I knew that there was still time, even before I looked. However, the feeling that Maya spent her time waiting, made such excuses meaningless. Unlike Tatsuya, Miyuki saw something ominous in Maya's response.

	"You two, take a seat."

	Too soft tone instead of the usual orderly greatly alarmed his brother and sister. Or it would be better to say that they had a premonition that something unpleasant would happen. In any case, continuing to stand would be an unacceptable oversight. The first to sit Tatsuya, and with a little delay, Miyuki followed.

	"Tatsuya-san, I'm sorry, I know that the incident with Gu Jie has just ended, but ...

	Tatsuya felt his heart sink. The word "ended" meant "completing" the case with a terrorist who was from Dahan. However, it was impossible to say that the problem was solved. For example, the police are still investigating, and government officials are actively discussing "measures to prevent the recurrence of the incident."

	Maya already said earlier that she forgives the fact that the terrorists' case was completed in an undesirable manner. However, her attitude can change at any moment. Tatsuya's intensity increased, and he could not blame it on his imagination.

	"Now I want to entrust you another job."

	"In that case, I'll visit you later at home." Tatsuya gently answered the smiling Maya.

	- Do not worry. This place is also suitable.

	Tatsuya did not ask what task they want to entrust to him. The Yotsuba family was not hermits living on the street, but that village in the mountains was not self-sufficient. The whole village was originally a secret military research facility. Isolated from the outside world, they could provide themselves with food, clothing and shelter, but everything else needed to be bought from outside for money. Yotsuba in the outside world had affiliated companies, business partners and sponsors, whom the head of the family sometimes personally visited during the survey of possessions.

	"I want you to go to Okinawa." Together with Miyuki.

	"With Miyuki?"

	"Officially, you will go to the meeting to discuss the commemoration of the fifth anniversary of that incident." Visit necessarily, you can just listen. At the call of the government, the tribute will be paid to the dead. In addition, a visit to the temple on Higan is required. [note. Periv: a Buddhist feast of veneration of ancestors, during which memorial services are performed]

	The incident she spoke of was the invasion of the Great Asian Alliance by Okinawa in August 2092. In that battle, they lost Sakurai Honami, the guardian of their mother Miya. They considered her to be part of the family.

	"But both of you." We in fact do not have concern for the families which were lost there.

	Miyuki said this because she did not want Tatsuya to return to the painful memories, and completely forgot that she too can remember the bad. Tatsuya has not yet recovered real emotions. Maybe he will not return until his death. But even if there were no bad thoughts, a little sadness remained in the depths of consciousness.

	- To some extent, after all, do we belong to such families? This is also the official duty of the Ten Master Clans. And from the Top Ten Clan Clans you are the only ones who are directly connected with this incident. Maya dismissed such an excuse.

	- ... Yes, I understood. I said a stupid thing.

	- Do not worry about that. Maya accepted Miyuki's apology with a smile and turned to Tatsuya. "So, the real work that I wanted to entrust is here."

	Hayama, standing motionless behind Maya, as if waiting for these words, suddenly approached Tatsuya and handed him a large envelope.

	"Can I open it now?"

	- Yes, you can look here.

	Tatsuya cut the envelope with a paper knife lying on the table and took out a folder of thick paper without any inscriptions, inside of which about a dozen documents were filed. He quickly ran his eyes through all the pages, returned the folder to the envelope, and gave it to Hayama. He bowed to Tatsuya, and handed the envelope to Maya.

	- Tatsuya-san, I wonder, can you take care of this problem?

	Saying "yes", Tatsuya again received the envelope from the hands of Maya. Immediately after receiving it in his hands, the envelope with the documents disappeared.

	- Haha-hue, can I tell Miyuki about the contents of the envelope?

	- Oh sure. I'd like you two to work together on the problem I assigned Tatsuya-san.

	However, this time the failure will not be forgiven.

	Maya did not say it out loud, but Tatsuya understood that the successful completion of the case was implied without words.

	- I got it.

	Nodding in response to Tatsuya's bow, Maya stood up.

	"I'm sorry they did not serve tea." I have a busy schedule today.

	- No, everything is okay. - Tatsuya and Miyuki also got up.

	Saying "I left" to two people, stiff in deep bow, Maya left the room.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Monday arrived after the weekend.

	Miyuki and Shizuku were talking on the way to the practice room.

	"Miyuki, are you going to Okinawa?"

	Hearing about the trip to Okinawa, Miyuki became a little agitated. Last night, Tatsuya told her about his "real work" there. Shizuku could not find out about this, but she chose such a time for her question that he could not be associated with anything else.

	"To Okinawa?"

	- Yeah.

	- Do you know that an artificial island is being built on Okinawa, next to the island of Kume? - Instead of a laconic Shizuku, the conversation was supported by Honoka.

	- Yeah, I know. - Miyuki nodded, maintaining perfect calm.

	"As expected from Miyuki ..." Honoka suddenly began to admire, because she did not know about the artificial island until she heard of him from Shizuku. And it was normal, because Shizuku did not know until she heard from her parents.

	- ... So that's it. It looks like the company Shizuku's father invested in the construction of this island.

	Miyuki thought it was not surprising. Shizuku's father is the head of one of the leading groups of companies in Japan, and the artificial island project is extremely important from a political point of view, as it will bring valuable resources. And it did not surprise even that the project was not asked for investment from the government.

	"This artificial island was completed last month." So ... "Honoka looked at Shizuku. She thought that she should continue her words.

	- There will be a party, a celebration of the end of construction. Miyuki, do not you want to come? - Taking the baton from Honoka, Shizuku invited Miyuki.

	"When?"

	- 28 March. We leave on the 25th, and we plan to return on the 31st.

	- I apologize. At this time, I have planned family business.

	Hearing an apology from Miyuki (which, incidentally, was pure truth, not acting), Honoka rounded her eyes.

	"Family affairs, Yotsuba's affairs?" - Having said this, Honoka suddenly closed her mouth with her hand in fright.

	"It's not that they were any unusual business." A bitter smile on Miyuki's face appeared for the first time since she was caught unawares. The fear of Yotsuba was clear, but it still seemed that such a reaction was excessive.

	"This year is the fifth anniversary of the Okinawa incident?"

	When someone mentioned the "Okinawa incident", in recent years everyone understood that it was the invasion of the Great Asian Alliance to Okinawa in August 2092. The meaning of these words also reached Honoka.

	- This summer a large memorial service will be held. I need to attend a preliminary meeting to organize this event.

	In general, the next year should be the next one, as it will be the "seventh time", therefore Miyuki added that this is not a very important matter. [note. "The seventh time" is the 6-year anniversary of death.]

	Feeling the atmosphere, Honoka and Shizuku were silent.

	- Also I need to participate in the ceremonies during the time of Higan, which will be held at the same time. Therefore Onii-sama and I will go to Okinawa immediately after the closing ceremony on the 23rd. That's why we will not be able to accompany you on a trip ... but we also go to Okinawa, so we can meet by chance.

	Honoka's eyes gleamed when she heard that Tatsuya would go to Okinawa. Yotsuba's work in the Top Ten Clans meant a refusal to travel, but hearing that the destination was the same, Honoka was looking forward to it.

	- If you have free time, can we meet?

	As the atmosphere of tension grew, Honoka did not have to wait for an answer for a long time.

	- Exactly. Since there is not much work for me there, I will contact you when I get free. Miyuki nodded with a soft smile.

	- Yeah. - Shizuku, before listening to Miyuki and Honoka, was, as usual, terse, but looked, too, eagerly awaiting the events under discussion.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	March 15th. The day of the graduation ceremony in schools of magic. Not only in First High, but in all nine schools at the same time.

	In First High, the farewell party of the graduates just ended, and the school was enveloped in an atmosphere of simultaneous joy and sadness.

	Last year, Tatsuya was still on the disciplinary committee at the time of the graduation ceremony, so he did not participate in its organization. He was simply in the mode of readiness for incidents. But this year he was already a member of the school board, and carried out the instructions of President Miyuki.

	After the completion of the first and second course parties, which were also held separately this year, Tatsuya came to the school boardroom. Miyuki, surrounded by guests and entertaining them, came to the school boardroom before him.

	"Oh ... no, Tatsuya-sama."

	She did not call him Onii-sama. However, she simply could not say "Tatsuya-san". More recently, Miyuki has become accustomed to not calling him publicly "Onii-sama," but she could not get used to Tatsuya-san yet. This treatment put her on an equal footing with Tatsuya, which did not correspond to her feelings. Somehow, Miyuki managed to accept the "Tatsuya-sama" appeal as a compromise. Perhaps this option was overheard by Minami, who also used "Tatsuya-sama."

	The beauty of Miyuki, as if coming from a fairy tale, perfectly complemented her image of the "bride", so her treatment of "Tatsuya-sama" was not perceived by others as something wrong.

	- Thanks for the work you've done.

	"Miyuki, you've done a good job too."

	Minami brought a cup of coffee to the person who took the seat behind Tatsuya's terminal. Although there was a ban on the use of drinks and food near the terminals, no one pointed it out to Tatsuya. Even Izumi, who still treated him coolly, recognized his services in servicing all the equipment in the school board room.

	... It could be said that because of Miyuki's charisma, no one dared to say aloud, because no one could deny the fact that the current school board of First High definitely had a dangerous trend of the lack of principles of democracy.

	And yet, Tatsuya had an excuse that he used the terminal instead of a table where he was allowed to eat and drink. For the meeting (supposedly) the table was fully occupied by the graduates: Azusa, Isori, Kanon, Hattori, Kirihara and Sayaka.

	"Shiba-kun, thank you for the work done." - Isori thanked Tatsuya sitting at the table.

	Tatsuya, also sitting, nodded in return. Since during the graduation ceremonies, he has already congratulated all of them repeatedly, therefore he decided that the repetition would be inappropriate. Graduates, including the Kanon, did not complain about Tatsuya's behavior. Isori already turned to the others and they continued their conversation.

	- So, everyone agrees with the prepared schedule? - Summarized Azusa. No one had any objections.

	- When I was a freshman, I could not even imagine that we would have a graduation trip in such a composition.

	- Mibu, now you do not have to worry anymore.

	"Hattori is right, Mibu."

	- Exactly. After all, Mibu-san is not from our company. ... And in my opinion, it would be really good if only Kei and I went together.

	- Kanon. Do not say such things.

	Honoka approached the drinking coffee and listening to Tatsuya's graduates.

	- They say that the Nakajouu-senpai company will have an exit trip to Okinawa.

	- Sempai also go to Okinawa?

	Tatsuya already heard from Miyuki about the trip of Honoka and Shizuku to Okinawa.

	- Yes. It seems the Isori-senpai family helped technically in the construction of an artificial island financed by the Shizuku family, so they will all attend the party in honor of the completion.

	- Clear.

	The Isori family deserved their reputation thanks to their magic engraving. This magic is especially appreciated for its usefulness as a counteraction to natural disasters. With the help of engraving, it is possible, albeit briefly, to significantly increase the fire resistance and impact resistance of building materials, and this is done in a very short time. Using engraving magic to build an important facility for the country, the base for the extraction of marine resources - this is a very reasonable way to use magic. The participation of Isori's family confirms this.

	In truth, the coincidence in time with Tatsuya's work was not accidental. The work entrusted to Maya was connected with a party in honor of completing the construction of the artificial island "Saikasin", which Honoka spoke about.

	It would be right that Tatsuya warned at least Honoka and Shizuku. But he put the secrecy of the mission to a higher level. Unlike Tatsuya, Miyuki was very concerned about the possible involvement of friends in this matter. But it was a secret mission involving the military. And despite the desire to warn them, they could only remain silent.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	The graduation ceremony was over, but the third semester was still going on. Despite the fact that the closing ceremony this year will be 2 days earlier than usual due to the calendar, the enemy will attack regardless of the circumstances.

	Maya's work entrusted to Tatsuya was to prevent diversions during the celebration of the completion of the artificial island, which will be held on the 28th. Therefore, to just perform this task, you do not need to rush, or you can just wait until the spring break begins.

	However, the more time an enemy gets, the greater the complexity of the task will become. In addition, the enemy's goals were not limited to a solemn ceremony. If the Yotsuba magician, present on the spot, will allow foreign enemy forces to commit sabotage, this will mean the failure of the task, which will be a big problem.

	And this will already be a problem not only for the Yotsuba family. The reputation of the Ten Master Clans will be destroyed, and the Japanese army, the self-defense forces, is disgraced. According to information about the purposes of the attack of foreign agents, in this interests of Yotsuba and the army coincide.

	March 17, Sunday. Tatsuya, the Yotsuba magician along with a special officer of the self-defense forces, visited the headquarters of the Independent Magic Battalion, which was quite natural. In this mission it was necessary to act not on behalf of the army, but to show Yotsuba's cooperation with the army.

	Tatsuya came to the meeting of the detachment of Kazama just as they were solving this issue. Before Tatsuya could speak, Kazama told him:

	- We will advance to Okinawa directly in front of you. Unite during the ceremony of Higan on the 24th.

	The present Kazama understood this well. Perhaps the last regret was that they were inactive at a time when Gu Jie was creating his lawlessness. Well, whatever the reason, Tatsuya decided to thank him anyway.

	- I really hope so. - Tatsuya expressed his gratitude. But at the same time he asked the question that was tormenting him. "Lieutenant-Colonel, will you personally direct the operation right on the spot?"

	Kazama shook his head with a smile at Tatsuya's question.

	- Not just lead. This time I will also fight. Because the features of the operation do not allow the use of a large number of people. "Perhaps he was seized by the excitement of returning to the battlefield after a long time.

	"Perhaps the enemy will not be limited to one small detachment." - Tatsuya did not take this idea seriously. After the Okinawa incident, it took 5 years. And a year and a half has already passed since the incident in Yokohama. Tatsuya believed that both the police and the army at the moment are competent enough to withstand a large-scale invasion. At least he believed in it.

	Kazama was of the same opinion, but on duty he could not give up such thoughts that were now in Tatsuya's head.

	"If the enemy engages large forces, we will receive support from our troops stationed on the ground." But in this case, even if the enemy's actions are unsuccessful, their target can be achieved if there is a big stir.

	Tatsuya immediately realized that he wanted to tell Kazama. The tactical goal of the enemy, who is going to lead a sabotage, is either the destruction of the artificial island, or the murder of one of the important people who will attend the party. However, a more important, strategic goal is an attempt to provoke hostility towards the Japanese and to abolish the peace treaty. If a large number of people are involved, the media will start sniffing out what this is for. If it turns out that behind the attempt of sabotage is the faction of opponents of reconciliation from the Great Asian Alliance, this will cause serious resonance in the society.

	But such a situation, presumably, will bring problems not only to Japan, but also to the Great Asian Alliance ...



	Chapter 2





	The peace treaty between Japan and the Great Asian Alliance was concluded in December 2095.

	In the "Scorched Halloween," which destroyed the southern tip of the Korean peninsula in late October, the Great Asian Alliance lost its naval base and many ships. In addition to this, in order to achieve a final victory, in the middle of November a fleet was sent from Sasebo. It was an incomplete fleet, as it was collected from the remnants, because all the major forces were mobilized to prepare for war with the New Soviet Union. Formed in Sasebo, the fleet was accompanied by the only magician of the Strategic Class, publicly disclosed by the government of Japan, one of the "Thirteen Apostles" by Itsuwa Mio. In fact, so Japan declared its readiness for a total war.

	Fortunately, the clashes with the fleet of the Great Asian Alliance did not happen. The Magic of the Strategic Class "Abyss" was not used, and the valuable magician of the Strategic Class was not lost by Japan. Because as soon as the fleet reached the open sea, the Great Asian Alliance sent a proposal for a truce, using the Union of South-East Asia as an intermediary.

	As a result, the final form of the treaty, in which the Great Asian Alliance accepted almost all of Japan's requirements, was concluded in March 2096. Immediate establishment of peace, which was required by the Japanese side, influenced the modesty of the demands put forward. But the main reason was the huge damage received by the Great Asian Alliance. But this did not mean that everyone agreed with reconciliation.

	In any country, in any army, there are always forces that do not want peace. Both in Japan and in the Great Asian Alliance, there were many oppositionists opposing reconciliation. And among them were those who planned to destroy the world by force and restore the state of war.



	21 March. Okinawa, Naha airport.

	This day was not special. Same as yesterday, same as any of 365 days a year. There were no identical people among those passing through the landing and disembarkation, but all the differences between them could be accommodated in the concept of "individuality". Even if you have a height of 2 meters, even if you are a mountain of muscles weighing a hundred kilograms, if everything is in order with the documents, and if nothing is illegal in the baggage, you will easily pass customs as any other traveler.

	This man did not have large suitcases, like those of other travelers. With only a Boston bag as luggage, he left the lobby and went to the taxi stand. [note. Boston Bag - a small hand bag]

	For some reason, there were no other people around him. Nobody left the building. There was not a single car at the taxi stand. Feeling unhealthy, this man stopped. From the side of the terminal for domestic flights one could hear the approaching steps of one person. The man turned to the sound of footsteps. Throwing the bag on the road, he stood in a bar with slightly bent knees and elbows.

	The man walking towards was not as big as this man, but, undoubtedly, he was the owner of an impressive musculature. If a man could be called simply possessing a very large body, then that person possessed an aura, thanks to which he can be called a giant. A single glance will be enough to say this.

	These two, possessing large bodies, concealed incredible fighting abilities. The owners of these bodies were trained only to fight.

	"Captain Lou ..." The man turned to the man approaching him. No, rather, he simply muttered involuntarily his name.

	"A deserter, Lieutenant Bradley Zhang." - Lu Ganghu, on the contrary, clearly pronounced his words. "I do not mind if you resist."

	On the face of Lu Ganghu there was a smile of an ogre-tiger.

	- U-Ghost Walker !? [another name is "Kimon Tonko"]

	Zhang finally noticed the reason for the lack of passersby. A Ghost Walker technique that could create a kind of isolated space around the user. It was meant to not let oneself be caught.

	Zhang was taller by 10 cm and heavier by 20 kg than his opponent. However, at the smiling Lu Ganghu, Bradley Zhang watched with an impatient expression.

	Zhang turned his back to Lu Ganghu. Pretending that he wants to escape, he suddenly kicked in the direction of the approaching rear of a sense of danger. Lu Ganghu did not stop. His body continued to move. Catching the foot of Bradley Zhang's boot, he simply pushed him back.

	Zhang 's body soared into the air. With unimaginable ease for such a giant, he was on the roof of a taxi station building. The grinning Zhang looked down and his face suddenly froze. Lu Ganghu was not on the road. Bradley Zhang looked up.

	The views of Zhang and Lu Ganghu met. Their eyes were at the same height.

	Zhang fell off the roof. He did not chose this way to go down in vain. The empty space, where Zhang 's head had just been, was pierced by the right foot of Lu Ganghu, enveloped in a whirlwind.

	After sending his body down, and pushing his left foot off the edge of the roof, Lu Ganghu quickly returned to the road. Prepared Zhang attacked Lu Ganghu at the moment of landing. On the head of Lu Ganghu, a slashing hand struck from above, coming along an arc. Lu Ganghu met Zhang's blow with the edge of his hand. From the colliding hands there was a sound like a gong.

	- Steel Qigong.

	"Not only do you know this technique." - Said Zhang in response to muttering Lu Ganghu.

	Mumbling sounded quite joyful, while the answer did not carry any signs of superiority. Lu Ganghu smiled. The smile was like a wild animal grin.

	Lu Ganghu kicked the road. At that very moment, Zhang was pushed aside, and a scorched trail remained on the road. Immediately followed by lightning strikes with his fist, elbow, palm. With a face showing that he was waiting for this, Zhang reflected all the blows. But in this situation it was obvious that the advantage was for Lu Ganghu.

	Suddenly, a dagger flew in from him. Lu Ganghu nimbly dodged this attack, but his pressure, albeit for a moment, was interrupted. Zhang took advantage of the hitch and took a sharp jump in the distance from Lu Ganghu. Without moving his head, Lu Ganghu directed his gaze to the side where the dagger came from. There was a man wearing sunglasses, about 180 cm tall. The intruder, able to overcome the technique The Ghost Walker.

	A familiar "voice" appealed to Lu Ganghu.

	"That's enough, Captain Lou." Temporarily retreat.

	The source of the "voice" was not the enemy who was before him. And also not his ally, coming in from behind. The "voice" came from the headset of the communication device.

	- There is. - Briefly answering the "voice", Lu Ganghu turned from Zhang.

	Standing in the fighting stance, Zhang escorted Lu's back calmly, looking at him, realizing that there were absolutely no open places to attack. Lu Ganghu disappeared into the building.

	The taxi was approaching the station. It was not strange. It was a taxi station. Bradley Zhang and a man with sunglasses sat in a taxi that had arrived.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	"Did you recognize the identity of Bradley Zhang's accomplice?"

	- According to the passport, his name is James Jackson. Ostensibly a tourist from Australia. - On the question of Kazama answered standing diagonally behind him Fujibayashi.

	"From Australia?" How unusual.

	After the Third World Australia has adopted a policy of extremely limited contacts with foreign countries. In the understanding of the Japanese, this was "the actual state of the isolation of the country". However, Australia's policy was not similar to the policy of complete isolation of Japan in the Edo period.

	Although the Australian government has adopted a policy of diplomatic isolation, migration and trade have generally been resolved. Visitors were prohibited from directly owning property, but indirect ownership was allowed in the form of the right to distribute income.

	What then is the reason for the widespread opinion about the "actual state of isolation"? The reason was in extremely strict rules at the customs, any visitors and departing people underwent thorough checks under the pretext of combating crime, and the material exchange was almost completely suppressed.

	Many countries have condemned this policy of Australia. But during the Third World War, which lasted 20 years, there was a case when terrorists entered the country in the guise of travelers, and were able to build a military base, under the cover of investment. So the officially named pretext "for self-defense" was difficult to challenge.

	Severe inspections were made even by their own citizens returning to the country. Strict investigations were carried out even for returnees from short-term trips. Under the name of a simple check, a thorough investigation of the case was concealed. At the moment there were very few people who wanted to go abroad, and as a result, the opportunity to see Australians outside of Australia was very rare.

	"Ask the intelligence department to investigate his real identity."

	If he is a spy, why use such prominent Australian citizenship? That is the question. If he pretends to be an Australian, then the question also arises, for what purpose.

	"I'll deal with this immediately." - Having given honor to Kazama, Fujibayashi left the room with a tablet terminal under her arm. Instead, a giant man entered the room. Having just spent his fight outside, Lu Ganghu returned to the airport's conference room.

	"Captain Lou, thank you for your work." - The head of the division of the special forces of the Great Asian Alliance, Chen Xiangshan, sitting opposite to Kazama addressed to Lu Ganghu.

	Chen Xiangshan and Lu Ganghu were captured during the Yokohama incident and imprisoned as war criminals who committed illegal subversive activities. But as a result of the conclusion of a peace treaty between Japan and the Great Asian Alliance, they were released as prisoners of war. More precisely, an informal exchange of prisoners of war was made. Captured enemy agents, hiding their belonging to a country, do not have the right to such an exchange. But still it was made informally for the rescue of the captive Japanese captured by the Great Asian Alliance.

	- No, I missed it.

	- Never mind. This I ordered to retreat. In the end, a major clash in such a place would only play into the hands of the enemy.

	After saluting and saying "there is," Lu Ganghu stood behind Chen Xiangshan. The views of Lu Ganghu and Sanada, standing behind Kazama, crossed. Lu Ganghu and Sanada ignored the impertinent grin with an unflappable face.

	- For the taxi with the objectives of surveillance. Since we are on the island, we will not lose sight of them, I suppose.

	- Thanks for the concern. - Chen Xiangshan responded in fluent Japanese to the words of Kazama. "We would like to capture not only Lieutenant Zhang, but also other deserters." I thank, that have listened to this unreasonable request.

	The prerequisite for Zhang's desertion was the desire to free his comrades.

	- I see. We ourselves are in the same situation.

	Kazama, no, the army wanted to seize all the saboteurs who had infiltrated Japan. It was the coincidence of interests that eventually caused their temporary cooperation.



	After completing preparations for further cooperation, Chen Xiangshan and Lu Ganghu left the airport. Subordinate Kazakhs escorted them to the apartment they provided. The driver also part-time watched them.

	When Chen Xiangshan and the others left, Major Yanagi entered the conference room. Together with him was Fujibayashi, who had recently left.

	Kazama, Sanada, Yanagi, and Fujibayashi. The entire officer staff of the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion, with the exception of Yamanaka, was present in Okinawa.

	"Yanagi, did you notice anything?"

	- I believe that Bradley Zhang fought seriously. Lu Ganghu, on the contrary, looked frivolous. - Yanagi immediately gave the answer to Kazama. Although the content of the answer was only a guess, there was no doubt in his voice. Yanagi watched the battle of Lu Ganghu and Bradley Zhang, despite the activated technique of the Ghost Walker.

	"So they are not in cahoots?"

	- Apparently, hunting for deserters is not a cover, but the truth.

	Kazama nodded, saying "this is how" and invited everyone to sit down, gesturing their hands pointing at the chairs.

	"A special officer will probably be shocked."

	"Major Sanada." This time he is not a "special officer". - The answer of Fujibayashi to the jocular words of Sanada also sounded like a joke.

	- And the truth. Sanada's voice, who acknowledged his mistake, did not sound guilty, because he also knew it.

	- Including his part of the work, the operation goes on schedule. - Of course, under "him" Kazama meant "special officer", that is Tatsuya. Tatsuya participates in this operation as a magician of the Yotsuba family, and not as a special officer of the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion. This is what the meaning of Fujibayashi 's words was "not a special officer".

	However, in the reminder of Kazama, there was talk of cooperation with Chen Xiangshan's division.

	The order for a joint operation with the Great Asian Alliance was received from Saeki at the beginning of the month, before the meeting with Tatsuya. But during this meeting on the 17th Kazama did not tell Tatsuya about this. On the desire to cooperate in the capture of diversion-planning deserters. It was not strange when the army of the Great Asian Alliance addressed this proposal. Violation of the peace treaty threatened the problems precisely the Great Asian Alliance, and not Japan.

	For the central government of the Great Asian Alliance, which is experiencing fragmentation problems, military control has the highest priority. If they tolerate desertion, it can grow into a major insurgency according to the "domino theory". For the central government, these risks are not something that you can close your eyes to.

	Nevertheless, there was also the likelihood that a joint operation to find deserters is used as a cover for some trick. Without such caution, you will not just be a loser, you will be accused of non-performance of duties, renunciation of responsibility, and deprived of an officer's rank. Of course, in the 1-0-1 brigade, General Saeki considered this possibility. Considering the possible deception of the army of the Great Asian Alliance, the choice fell on Kazama.

	Kazama also understood this. He was chosen for this mission for a reason, but because he was connected with Chen Xiangshan. Communication with the Yotsuba family had nothing to do with. The case was in the reputation of the "Daitengu" of Kazama Harunobu, who fought with the army of the Great Asian Alliance on the Indochina Peninsula, and also in anticipation that his subordinates could cope with the "Tiger-cannibal" Lu Ganghu.

	- At the moment, we are considering the unit of Chen Xiangshan as allies. - Taking into account the results of observations of the current joint actions, and having listened to the report of Yanagi, Kazama decided to trust Chen Xiangshan for the time being.

	- At the moment, it means.

	As Sanada said in an ironic voice, no one thought that this cooperation would last long.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	March 23, Saturday.

	Immediately after the closing ceremony, Tatsuya, Miyuki and Minami flew to Okinawa. In fact, they wanted to skip school today, but Miyuki is the president of the school board. She should not miss the closing ceremony.

	If you think about it, you could go tomorrow, because the first event, in which they need to participate, will be held on the 24th day in the afternoon. However, instead of making a fuss that day, it seemed to them that it is easier to go for a day and to prepare normally.

	Honoka and Shizuku will arrive in Okinawa on the 25th in the afternoon. Shizuku's father, Kitayama Ushio, must fly on the plane on the day of the party, and her younger brother and mother Benio must be present on the same ship as she.

	Also, yesterday, presumably, Alumni, the Azusa company, had already arrived in Okinawa.

	In an airplane five years ago, Tatsuya had an ordinary tight seat. But this time he was in the same seat-a capsule, like that of Miyuki. Minami was also not sent to the usual place, despite the servant's actual position. Minami herself, in a luxurious capsule, felt uncomfortable.

	After arriving, these three were accommodated in a luxury hotel near the airport. They did not use the villa on which their mother Miya spent time with Honami while she was still alive. But even if its owner is still Shiba Tatsuro, they still did not want to go there with Minami.



	On the day of check-in, nothing remarkable happened. The next day, March 24, was the ceremony of Higan. Since Hayama took all the preparations, only Tatsuya and Miyuki needed a presence, as from the representatives of the Yotsuba family. Miyuki was in a completely black evening dress, and her hair was not her usual ornaments and they were gathered up into a bun. Although she attracted a lot of attention among those present, nothing remarkable happened here either.

	After the ceremony, they returned to the hotel, changed their clothes and left to fulfill the real task.

	The hotel in which Tatsuya company stayed was close to Naha Airport. The place they went to was also in the vicinity of the airport. It was a two-story restaurant opposite the military base of Naha. Not a restaurant of Okinawan cuisine, but a steak house run by a descendant of US military, once stationed in Okinawa, and he was called "Left Bloods."

	The destination of Tatsuya company was the reserved second floor of this restaurant.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	"Oh, Tatsuya!" Hey, long time no see. "When Tatsuya entered the restaurant, a big black skinhead man called out to him. This physique and a cheerful voice were familiar to him.

	- Joe. - In the voice of Tatsuya, who called the name of the interlocutor, was a surprise. - Long time no see. However, what is this appearance? Did you retire?

	A military magician, whom he met here 5 years ago, Higaki Joseph, was dressed in a colorful apron with the logo of the establishment.

	- Of course, I'm still in the service. The other day I was promoted to sergeant.

	- Congratulations.

	Five years ago, Joseph was the youngest corporal. It seems that his services during the incident with the invasion of Okinawa were taken into account, and he got up quite well on the career ladder.

	"It's closed today." And this outfit is just for help. They will not pay for it, therefore you cannot name it. This institution belongs to my retired friends.

	- That's it.

	Five years ago, Joseph and his friends walked around the neighborhood in the form of punks. But for the courage in the battles during that incident, the "Left Blood" deserved the softening of a prejudiced attitude toward itself. Looking at him now, you understand that this is really so.

	In that incident, part of the "Left Blood" took the side of the enemy. The army kept this secret, and Tatsuya and the others promised to remain silent. Looking at the present Joseph, Tatsuya was again convinced that he was not mistaken.

	"As for you, I always hear your name." Is that Tatsuya ...

	- Joe. - Interrupted Joe Tatsuya did not speak in an elevated tone.

	"Oops, I'm sorry." I've already detained you. - However, Joseph already realized that he allowed himself to say too much. "Your comrades are waiting on the second floor." Please go up this ladder.

	Tatsuya bowed to Joseph, and they went to the second floor with Miyuki and Minami.



	- This is Shiba Tatsuya. He knocked on the door. Soon, from inside, the sound of the key was heard, and the face of Sanada appeared from behind the door.

	"It's good that you came." Well, come on. - Sanada cast a fleeting glance at Minami, apparently because he had not met her before. However, what will happen to them will be reported to Minami in advance. So the three guests were not surprised instead of two.

	It was Tatsuya's turn to be surprised. In the room were Kazama, Sanada and an unexpected person. Tatsuya held on to his face * pokerface *, and Miyuki, almost screaming in surprise, covered her mouth with her hands.

	"Lieutenant Colonel Kazama, Major Sanada, it's good to meet you."

	"I'm happy too, I'm counting on you." - Standing up, and having answered Tatsuya, Kazama drew attention to the sitting next to Chen Xiangshan.

	- In this operation we are in a cooperative relationship.

	Kazama decided to clarify the situation before offering to sit down, because he understood that the presence of this person cannot be just explained. After all, Chen Xiangshan was here because of a mission, which you cannot just guess.

	"This time Colonel Chen from the army of the Great Asian Alliance is our ally." Take note of this and sit down.

	- There is. Miyuki.

	- Yes. I also understood.

	Miyuki sat in an armchair, but not in the one offered by Kazama, but in the one that Tatsuya put forward to her. Also, refusing Kazama, with the words "I'm sorry", Tatsuya sat down next to Miyuki.



	Minami stood up diagonally behind Miyuki. Kazama glanced at Minami. But he did not try to force her to sit down.

	"Then I'll go straight to an explanation of the current situation."

	- You are welcome. Tatsuya replied to the conversation that had begun. Chen Xiangshan was silent all this time.

	- There are no large movements among enemy agents penetrating Okinawa. Once, with the help of Colonel Chen, we tried to provoke them, but at the moment we are acting cautiously.

	Tatsuya directed his gaze to Chen Xiangshan. From that there was no reaction. Tatsuya again looked at Kazama.

	- What are the known enemy forces at the moment?

	- Six people on this main island of Okinawa. Among them 2 Japanese and 1 Australian.

	"The Australian?"

	- According to the passport. Also, the place of departure of the plane, on which he flew - Sydney Airport.

	- What is known about this Australian?

	- The name is James Jackson. Age 40 years. Profession is a journalist.

	Hearing the word "journalist", Tatsuya made an understanding face. Masking under the reporter is a good cover for sending agents.

	- The purpose of the visit is tourism. With him is a 12-year-old daughter.

	"Is she really his daughter?"

	"Here's a picture." - Kazama handed Tatsuya a tablet terminal. Tatsuya turned the terminal so Miyuki could also see, and looked carefully at the screen. There was displayed the image of a mustached man and a girl, about 12-13 years old, wearing a straw hat.

	- It does not look like a parent and a child.

	Suppose they are really a parent and a child. - Tatsuya Kazama expressed his impression with a bitter smile. - If this is a disguise, then I do not understand the intention to bring such a girl. Are they going to use it in a suicide attack?

	"If it's really a girl." - To these words Tatsuya Kazama slightly rounded his eyes.

	"Do you mean if she does not look her age?"

	- It's hard to say for sure only one photo.

	"Hmm, you cannot deny that possibility." However, information from Australia is extremely difficult to obtain. For now, let's just keep in mind the opportunity you indicated.

	Kazama did not use the military appeal to Tatsuya, but simply said "you." [in Japan there is a "military" "you" (貴 官 / kikan), used in official communication when addressing military and officials]

	At the moment he was not a "Special Officer Ooguro Riyuuya," but "Shiba Tatsuya from Yotsuba." This was due to the presence of Chen Xiangshan. Chen Xiangshan does not know that Tatsuya is a magician of the Strategic Class. • Special Officer Ooguro Riyuuya, but on the other hand he saw the fighting power of Tatsuya and Miyuki during the Yokohama incident.

	However, Kazama does not hide from Chen Xiangshan cooperation with "Shiba Tatsuya" for another reason. Foreign magicians are planning subversive activities against Japan. "It's no wonder" that Yotsuba from the Ten Master Clans is using his powers to remove this problem. Since Tatsuya was declared a member of the Yotsuba family, one can say that the existence of the Special Officer Ooguro Riyuuya is now connected only with the secret of the magician of the Strategic Class.

	"There is still no activity on Kuma Island." However, there is no doubt that the aim of diversion of agents is an artificial island off the western coast of Kuma.

	There was no reason to say that this was accurate data. But Tatsuya did not doubt it. The purpose of the defense in the instructions provided by Maya was the artificial island "Saikasin". Tatsuya suggested that Kazama determined that the enemy's target is an artificial island, based on information provided by Chen Xiangshan.

	- Let me know as soon as any movement appears. Until now, we are regaining strength.

	- I got it.

	Tatsuya understood his role. He and Miyuki, as members of the Yotsuba family, were too noticeable. The beauty of Miyuki was not the only thing that attracted attention at today's ceremony. These searing glances from all sides, these impudent whisperings behind their backs, the attention of the media - all this proved that their personalities were well known.

	- That's all I wanted to say. Do you have any questions?

	- No, nothing special.

	- I see. What are you going to do now?

	"Miyuki seems to be a little tired from the ceremony." I think we'll go back to the hotel to rest.

	When Tatsuya said this, Miyuki bowed to Kazama with an apologetic face. It was an excuse not to stay in this place. Maybe for the army, Chen Xiangshan was now an ally, but for Tatsuya and Miyuki, he was not an interlocutor with whom they can communicate peacefully.

	"You came from Tokyo only yesterday?" It is quite natural to be tired. - Sanada, who was silent before that, said, apparently, that everything will not get worse. - Because Fujibayashi-kun also said that she was tired.

	- Really.

	"Is there a break for Senior Lieutenant Fujibayashi?" I saw her at the ceremony, but there was no way to talk, and I wanted to say hello here.

	For a moment Sanada's face showed concern that it gave out that the reason for the absence of Fujibayashi is not so simple as it was said.

	The reason for the absence of Fujibayashi was that she avoided looking Tatsuya in the face.

	"Ah, she's resting on the base." I'm sorry. - Tatsuya's answer was answered by Kazama.

	- I got it.

	Tatsuya did not begin to ask further questions, why there is no commander's assistant.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Around the same time, when Tatsuya met with Kazama.

	"Um, is it really good that I went too?" - Said a handsome young man walking in a group of people around the shopping center.

	"What is it, Sawaki?" Is it too late to ask? Hattori replied in a surprised voice to Sawaki's question.

	"Right, Sawaki." Was it not the third day already?

	"That's right, but if I did not go, would there be three pairs?" I thought that I understood the situation.

	- Wh ...!?

	"S-Sawaki-kun, what are you talking about !?" Me and Hattori-kun are not in such a relationship! - Instead of the hesitating Hattori, the reddened Azusa spoke.

	- As Nakajou said. I think that a single guy or girl in a company of two couples will not feel uncomfortable.

	Hattori looked "it was expected" by looking at Isori, Kanon, Kirihara and Sayaka.

	Isori was in a fashionable patterned shirt with an open neck and beige Chinese pants. Kanon was in the same colorful shirt and in a beige skirt to the knees. Equally matched in color, the clothes gave out a pair.

	Kirihara was wearing a simple T-shirt and white jeans. Sayaka was wearing a T-shirt of the same color and white, shortened to 3/4 length, with jeans. Again, the same clothes gave out a pair.

	The clothes of Azusa and Hattori differed. In contrast, dressed in a light jacket Hattori, Azusa was dressed in a rough style in shorts and a sweater with a hood. Indeed, it was impossible to say that they were together.

	In response to Hattori's words and glance, the two couples laughed.

	They are graduates who have just finished First High at the National University of Magic. Isori and Kanon, Kirihara and Sayaka. Hattori, Azusa, and finally Sawaki - these were the seven graduates participating in this trip.

	- Sawaki-kun thought so, because of what he saw, watching earlier for Shiba-kun? - asked Isori, looking around. To his left hand, Kanon was stuck, but Isori did not show that he was worried. No one could say if this couple in love is classmates. Sawaki, it seems, did not bother.

	"I did not notice anything like that, but since you say so ..." With a face showing "that's it," Sawaki nodded. Standing near Hattori, put in the zucchini, saying "What are you talking about?".

	"However, I probably understand the train of thought of Sawaki-kun." Though it may be unreasonable to think about such at the ceremony of respecting the deceased, but Shiba-kun and Miyuki-san really looked suitable to each other. "There was a bit of admiration and a little envy in Sayaka's voice. - When it comes to the beauty of Miyuki-san, it is difficult to find the right person for a balanced couple, but the presence of Shiba-kun was not lost at all against her background.

	- These two did not look like high school students at all. Kirihara teased the admiring Sayaka. Not only Sayaka, but also Kanon from Isori, Hattori, and even Azusa involuntarily laughed.

	- Ah, and the truth. I was particularly impressed by the magnificent appearance of Shiba-kun. It seemed to me not just an image of a magician, not just an image of a member of the Yotsuba family, but an image of a warrior.

	The only person, Sawaki, nodded with a serious face.

	- ... Everything is fine. Because Sawaki-kun also looks at him as a warrior.

	With a look that says "Is it true?", Sawaki looked at Kanon that had said it.



	As mentioned before, Isori and the company visited the ceremony of commemorating the victims of the incident of the invasion of Okinawa, and after that they chatted while walking around the city. They had no special purpose. Goals such as buying accessories, for example. That's why the fact that Sayaka noticed this girl was not just an accident.

	"What's the matter, Mibu?" Kirihara followed Sayaka's gaze and frowned. - ... In our time to see children of European appearance - after all, it's not that rare?

	There, where Sayaka was looking, a 12-13 year old girl with chestnut hair stood alone. By the color of the skin and the outlines of the face it was possible to see that she was of a European race.

	- I am not talking about that. Do not you see?

	- Mm? - After Sayaka's words, Kirihara again looked at the girl and suddenly narrowed his eyes.

	"What is it, Kirihara?"

	"... She's restless." This atmosphere. "After Hattori asked Kirihara, Sawaki whispered his sense of the situation. A lonely girl standing, who was waiting for someone (perhaps parents), the adult man stole furtively.

	In total there were four of them. Surrounding, they slowly approached her.

	"Abduction?" - Hattori said in a contemptuous voice, and went to the wrong side to prevent kidnapping and indecent acts.

	"Wait, Hattori." Come Kirihara and me. - Sawaki stopped him, laying his hand on his shoulder. He turned with his face, which read the question "why?".

	- Kirihara and I are close combat fighters, and not very good at a long distance. Isori is not a fighter. Protecting girls, you're the only one who can use defensive magic in an emergency. - Sawaki answered him and went to the girl. Kirihara followed him. Sayaka hailed him behind him.

	"Kirihara-kun, I'll go too." - But Sayaka did not try to stop Kirihara. She wanted to go with him.

	- No, but ... Look at these guys, do not you think that their goals are not at all peaceful?

	Kirihara, who indirectly said "do not go, it's dangerous there," Sayaka expressed her objection.

	- When Kirihara-kun and Sawaki-kun come closer, they will not differ from other strange personalities.

	Kirihara twisted his face in disgust. The girl was a junior high school student, or just enrolled in high school. And he is already almost a student. Since Kirihara entered the National Academy of Defense, he will soon become a public civil servant. Indeed, if he and Sawaki talk to this girl, it can lead to a misunderstanding. Kirihara admitted that Sayaka's warning is correct.

	"... Understood." Just do not move away from me.

	- I got it.

	Sayaka knew that her only skill was mastery of the sword. She was not going to do anything foolish.

	Kirihara looked around. Isori, Kanon, and the remaining Hattori nodded to him. Kirihara and Sayaka stepped up the pace and caught up with Sawaki.



	Approaching the girl, Kirihara and Sawaki realized that they did not think what to do next. Both decided that we should start a conversation. But they did not know what to say. From the girl's point of view, they are still strange people. A sudden voice scattered their thoughts about it.

	- Hi. I am Sayaka.

	- Hi ... Hello. I'm Jas.

	Finally Sayaka spoke to the girl. First she wanted to say: "I must speak English?" I do not know French and Italian. " - but the conversation began in Japanese, and fortunately, the girl understood it.

	"Jas, are you waiting for someone?"

	- Daddy ... I'm waiting for Dad.

	Sayaka tried to hide her shock from the fact that a runaway Japanese girl was an order of magnitude better than her knowledge of English.

	- I see. He asked me to wait here? Just one?

	"Areasan, are you from the police?"

	- Eh? No, it's not.

	- I see. Could you take me to where there is a policeman? Dad seems to be lost.

	It was not she who was lost, but Dad. Apparently she did not want to admit that she was lost. Thoughts about this raised the mood to Sayaka. At that moment, she noticed how Kirihara and the Sawaki had moved so that Sayaka and the girl were between them.

	There were no pedestrians in the vicinity. Four men in dark glasses surrounded them and approached. The clothes of these four people, as well as the design of sunglasses, were different. However, the mistakes that they could not have been together, there was a similar aura around them. It was similar behavior, not facial features or physique.

	"Four? ..." Kirihara muttered in a tone of displeasure.

	In the battle there will be many participants. Even if you count only men, there will be 4 against 4.

	"However, one cannot be forced to fight Nakajou with her skills. The magic of Chiyoda cannot be used in this case. We are already getting involved in this. Isori also better not to get involved in this, but then it turns out ..."

	In fact, three against four. Reflecting on this, Kirihara felt impatient, and unconsciously expelled Sayaka from the participants in the battle.

	"Kirihara, Mibu, run away." Sawaki suddenly said in such a low voice that Kirihara and Sayaka barely heard him. It was not an offer. He decided for them and pushed them.

	"Kirihara, Mibu, go ahead!"

	- Really! Mibu! - Swearing, Kirihara called Sayaka.

	"Jas, come with us!" - Sayaka took the girl by the hand.

	- Okay .

	Surprisingly, the girl, who called herself Jas, did not hesitate and obeyed Sayaka, following her.

	Kirihara, and Sayaka with Jas behind him, ran towards Hattori and the others. Sawaki was left behind. On both sides, people wearing sunglasses moved to Kirihara.

	- From the road! - Kirihara without additional conversations wedged in between these two people.

	People with sunglasses in their hands did not have anything. They attacked Kirihara with their bare hands. One of them attacked his foot in a jump. Kirihara twisted his body and dodged. Another man attacked the right fist that was stopped by the sudden attack of Kirihara. Kirihara beat his fist with the palm of his hand. Immediately bending the discarded arm at the elbow, the man aimed a blow at Kirihara. Shortening the distance, Kirihara hit his right elbow with his left elbow. Stopping the man, he attacked directly on the forehead. The enemy blocked Kirihara's attack with his left hand. There was a feeling that the impact hit a rubber tire.

	Kirihara retreated and attacked from the side of another enemy, who aimed at Sayaka. This second enemy did not shy away, but blocked the blow of Kirihara. And in addition to the block, he pushed him back with his foot. Not expecting such a reaction, Kirihara lost his balance. However, this did not become a fatal mistake. During the strike of Kirihara, Sayaka already removed from her jeans trousers a narrow belt.

	The belt, which seemed an impractical fashionable object, in one stroke turned into a small sword. It was a weapon for self-defense, created by Isori on the basis of the technique of the Chiba family "Usub Kagero." He did not have the keenness of the original "Usub Kagero," but even if the user did not possess the skills of strengthening magic, it could demonstrate the strength of the attack at the level of the real sword. And with the skills of the Sayaka saber, it went beyond the weapons of self-defense.

	Sayaka had such a dangerous thing with her, not because she had a presentiment of danger. It was just an accident. Although he created a hidden weapon, imitating the technique of Usub Kagero, neither Isori nor Kanon had the skills of a swordsman. Erika could have used it, but even the dilettante in the Izyori kenjutsu knew that such weapons would not suit her.

	It was because of the maiden design that in his time he could not ask Kirihara to test it. That's why he turned for help to Sayaka, who he was not very familiar at the time. And so it coincided that Sayaka remembered about this request today, so there was no reason not to try.

	Belt-sword, which acquired the strength of wrought iron with the help of magic engraving, Sayaka attacked the advancing enemy against her in a torso. But the attack passed by, as the man jumped back, gaining a distance from Kirihara and Sayaka. At the same time, a blast of cold air came over the man.

	It was the magic of Hattori, who used adiabatic expansion as the basis of his attack. The air was compressed, without changing the temperature, and after the compression was lifted, it expanded at an explosive rate, cooling. Being under blows and at a low temperature, this man was not able to do something.

	The second person, who had previously blocked Kirihara's attack, lost his balance, trying to move forward for the attack. With the restless face Azusa looked at the feet of this man. He slipped on the result of the magic of Azusa. The road was made of porous concrete. Countless microscopic holes were made to allow water to flow through them. And now compressed air flowed from the holes, forming a kind of air cushion.

	Since Kirihara lost his balance earlier, he recovered faster. Kirihara, in one step, narrowing the gap, poked his index finger in the throat of a man ... more precisely just touched his finger. The man tried to brush off Kirihara's hand. However, his movement stopped halfway, and as a puppet, in which the ropes were cut, the man in dark glasses collapsed.

	The strength of Kirihara was a high-frequency blade, which, to put it briefly, is magic, which makes it vibrate at high speed any rod-like objects that it touches.

	That is, he could shake everything he touched. The goal was not limited to non-living objects.

	Kirihara caused the magic of vibration, taking the opponent's neck by the hilt of the sword, and the head by the blade, thereby causing a severe concussion.

	Making sure that the enemy is immobilized, Kirihara looked around. He suspected that forced to go alone against two enemies, Sawaki is fighting hard. But this was unnecessary anxiety. One person was already lying on the road. And at the moment, Sawaki has already knocked the last one out.



	Isori company of seven people, along with a girl named Jas, went to a fast food restaurant in a shopping center. Despite the fact that many wanted to stay, waiting for the police, Sawaki strongly insisted that they leave immediately. On the part of the girls there were fears that this would make Jas Father worry, but Jas herself solved this problem by saying: "I have a mobile phone with GPS, so everything is in order." The first words "Daddy got lost, take me to the police" apparently were said because of suspicions to the company Kirihara.

	- Sorry for waiting.

	- Excuse me.

	"So much is enough." - Hattori thanked Kanon and Isori, who went for drinks for everyone, and Sayaka was talking with Jas at the table where everyone gathered.

	"Jas, it's all right?" Are you scared?

	- Yes, it's okay. Onaesan and the guys, thank you. - Skillful possession of Japanese, as well as a calm attitude towards the situation made me think that she is not a child at all. Pupils of magic schools also seem to people more mature than their real age, but in the case of Jas it was something more.

	However, they could not just take it and ask "how old are you?" the person with whom they met in such circumstances.

	"Do you know what those people wanted from you?" - Asked Kanon instead.

	- No. I do not know.

	Jas had no reason to hide something. No one even thought that such a small child could have such acting skills that it was impossible to determine that she was hiding something.



	"Well ... I do not think they'll attack such a crowded place, but we'll still stay with you until your dad comes, so everything will be fine."

	Right after the words of Kanon, as if overhearing,

	" Jas!"

	A male voice called Jas by name.

	- Yes, daddy. Despite the desperate voice of the man, the girl's voice remained calm. At least, she did not have the impression of helplessness.

	"I was worried because you were so suddenly lost." ... Um, and you guys, who are they?

	Allegedly, Father Jas looked at Isori company, not hiding his suspicions and alertness.

	"You're Jas-san's Father, are not you?" My name is Hattori Gyuba. - I got up and introduced myself to the man Hattori. Naturally, they looked suspicious (at least Hattori believed so), so he decided to give an explanation.

	"We happened to be in a place where a group of four men tried to kidnap Jas-san. We could not pretend that we did not see anything, and took Jas-san to a crowded place.

	" So that's what happened? ... I apologize for being late." I, Father Jas, James Jackson, desu. [note. perev .: his speech is written in katakana, apparently to show the crooked pronunciation of words]

	Although suspicions still remained, but Father Jas introduced himself in a more calm voice. Japanese was much worse than that of his daughter, but sufficient for communication. Not only did Hattori sense a feigned awkwardness, the rest also did not doubt it.

	- Although we fought back from the attackers, we still decided to leave that place, given the possibility that they had accomplices. If you want to report to the police, I will accompany you.

	" No , it's not necessary."

	- That's how ... I will not ask your situation, but I advise you to avoid the deserted places.

	- Yes. We will return to the hotel . Thank you for helping my daughter , thank you very much .

	- No, it goes without saying that we helped.

	- Thank you. Bye-bye . - Jas, holding his father's hands, turned and waved. Sayaka, Kanon and Azusa, waving their hands, followed them with their eyes.

	When these two disappeared, Hattori asked Sawaki in a low voice:

	"Sawaki, why did not you want to wait for the police?" - Hattori could not just discard the thoughts of the four left lying on the road people.

	They were not close friends, but for 3 years at Hattori school, he became close enough with Sawaki to know his character. Therefore, Hattori suggested that Sawaki would not worry about the kidnappers.

	"The guys I fought with spoke Chinese."

	"What?"

	- Shh! - Suddenly Kirikara cried out Sayaka sitting on the next seat.

	"Oh, uh, I'm sorry." - Having gathered the views of everyone at the table, he turned away and apologized. However, along with this, he did not stop. "Is it ... the same as 2 years ago?"

	Even without mentioning the country called the Great Asian Alliance, there was no one here who could not understand Kirihara's question.

	"You cannot say for sure just because they spoke Chinese?" It can be a criminal organization that is not related to the government. Hattori's objection was reasonable.

	"So it's true, but their skills were inspired by army martial arts." - However, these words Sawaki had nothing to refute.

	"No, for something like this to happen again ...?"

	No one laughed at Sayaka's sinister expectations.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Return to the hotel, voiced by James Jackson, was not a lie. But this was the only truth from all that was said.

	"Captain Johnson, what kind of suspicious Japanese did you show earlier?" - Jas, more accurately belonging to the Australian corps of military magicians, Captain Jasmine Williams, having finished checking the room for wiretapping, asked the reproachful voice of his "father."

	"Should I not look like a foreigner who is not used to Japan?"

	"James Jackson" was a fictitious name. The real name of this man was James J. Johnson. Like Jasmine, he was the captain of the Australian corps of military magicians.

	"Like a third-rate comedian." I think it attracted a lot of unnecessary attention. Those guys looked like they suspected something.

	- Really?

	In response to James's lack of seriousness, Jasmine only sighed.

	"... Next time we'll change partners."

	"I do not think we can do this."

	Jasmine sighed even more. As James said, working with him in a pair started not today or yesterday. Covering the parent and child was invented long before this mission.

	Captain Jasmine Williams is an improved magician. She was born with almost such magical abilities, which were planned in advance, but as a result of genetic correction an anomaly was obtained, which was considered a side effect.

	The body remained unripe. By the age of 20 it became clear that her 12-year-old face did not change. And over the next nine years, growth was not observed. It was a picture, inverse to the syndrome of progeria.

	The Australian army did not try to cure its genetic anomaly. A magician with sufficient military training and the appearance of a girl. They decided that this way it would be more useful than with the usual appearance of a young girl. To use this feature, the Australian army trained her as an expert in penetration operations.

	However, with the appearance of a 12-year-old child, so that nothing is suspected, the list of possible situations for action is limited. Therefore, James plays the cover-up role of the "parent". As a "parent and child", in the past they participated in many missions. Of course, for the role of "parent" is not exactly James.

	Captain James J. Johnson was 180 cm tall, weighing 75 kg, had a brown hair color and light brown eyes. This appearance struck less than other European men. Nevertheless, if you look at people in the Australian army, then it was not some kind of special appearance, which he would stand out. James was appointed partner of Jasmine, because he was highly valued by his abilities as a combat magician.

	Jasmine is a magician specializing in long-range field attacks. Because of the low physical skills associated with the state of her body, she is not able to conduct melee.

	On the other hand, James is a magician of the avant-garde type, specializing in the magic of self-acceleration. He is stronger than he looks, and stunts like "grab Jasmine and carry away from the enemy" have already become the norm for them. In a word, these two have good compatibility. Being in pairs for many years, they know each other well. The leadership will not accept the cancellation of their duet now.

	"Have you identified the identities of those people?" - Having stopped grumbling without business, Jasmine translated the topic to those who wanted to attack her.

	- Agents of the Great Asian Alliance. Very similar to our accomplices.

	"Are these the forces of persecution?" How the hell did they reveal our identities? - Jasmine nodded in agreement, and then bent her head in an interrogative gesture. "Oh, did not you mean Japanese intelligence?"

	James's answer to her question was simple.

	- Perhaps the army of the Great Asian Alliance and the Japanese army joined forces?

	- There is no other reason for such active public actions.

	"Is it not surprising, immediately after the conclusion of the peace treaty?"

	James's reasoning did not sound meaningful, but Jasmine persuaded him. Maybe she also thought about it.

	"They must show cooperation after reconciliation in order to avoid the active actions of the New Soviet Union or the USNA.

	"I mean that, despite the unofficial nature of their joint operation, the agents of each country should not lose their vigilance.

	- Not only this. If they allow a diversion planned by the faction of opponents of reconciliation, then Japan and the Great Asian Alliance will lose their reputation. The Great Asian Alliance wants to catch deserters on its own, and Japan does not want new terrorist attacks on its territory. A degree of tractability can be achieved.

	"Their interests are completely opposite to ours."

	- Naturally. Because we are trying to disrupt the launch ceremony of a large national project.

	These two did not just discuss the current situation. As they talked, they hastily packed their things.

	- I've finished. Jas?

	- I also. Let's go too.

	Since Jasmine has already become a target, this hotel is also under observation. Both Jasmine and James understood this without further ado. Right now, they are also likely to be shadowed. Even if you try to get out through the back door, it, too, is most likely kept under surveillance.

	To get rid of the surveillance, these two decided to take some rough measures.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	The work entrusted to Tatsuya by Maya was to prevent a terrorist attack during the celebration of the completion of the construction of an artificial island. This time the work did not include the search for saboteurs. It was the task of the brigade 1-0-1, and at the meeting, Kazama said that he would contact when the saboteurs were discovered. Perhaps, Kazama did not want the secreted Strategic Class magician Tatsuya to interact with the army of the Great Asian Alliance, and perhaps this was the decision of Lieutenant-General Saeki.

	He could not act as a fighter of the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion, "Special Officer Ooguro Ryuuya," so he could not use special equipment, such as a mobile suit. Luckily for Tatsuya, this meant that there was no need to act separately from Miyuki.

	"Can we go back to the hotel for a little while?" - A little away from the steak house, where they spoke with Kazama, Tatsuya turned to Miyuki. They did not lie to Kazama when they said they wanted to return to the hotel.

	- And the truth. I'm a little tired.

	- Call a taxi? - Walking next to Minami, hearing the intention of Miyuki, instantly reacted and asked if to call a taxi. Despite the proximity of the hotel, on foot to it to go about 10 minutes.

	- Yes please.

	- Yes, I do. - Minami took out her mobile terminal from her bag and tried to get access to the dispatcher's unmanned taxi. But soon she frowned in doubt.

	"Minami, what happened?" - Seeing confusion Minami, Tatsuya asked her.

	"It's ... The taxi dispatcher is not responding."

	- Taxi Dispatch?

	Minami nodded. Tatsuya took out his terminal and ran his fingers over it.

	- ... No connection due to traffic routing problems. Muttered Tatsuya, but loud enough for Miyuki and Minami to hear. - This is not a software problem. Hardware failure ... no, diversion?

	Miyuki's complexion changed. Minami's expression also expressed concern.

	"Does it mean ... that the terrorists made their move?"

	When asked by Miyuki, Tatsuya shook his head. From side to side, not vertically.

	- If a local failure occurs, the route will simply switch to an alternative line. Without another diversion, such as arson or armed insurrection, such terrorist activities do not make sense.

	- Ah, it's connected. - Involuntarily pronounced Minami, confirming the hypothesis of Tatsuya.

	"Maybe it was because of the escape." It is not known whether this was planned, or was accidental, but it looks like someone destroyed several base stations of retransmission in order to prevent the pursuit.

	Military communication repeaters were secretly embedded in the civil mobile network, and were used to organize communications in urban areas with many obstacles, as well as for the uninterrupted transmission of large amounts of data. Even if all civilian base stations are destroyed, military communications lines will be organized through the stratospheric platform or satellites.

	Destroying several base stations will only give a temporary effect of disruption of communication. For a minute or less. However, a minute is enough if you need to find a loophole in the tracking network and escape from the pursuers. The current adversary, apparently, was skilled enough if he could take advantage of this small chance. These were Tatsuya's reflections.

	"... Does this mean that the saboteurs are somewhere near us?"

	- "We were not far from us" you should have said. The absence of other diversions with a high probability shows that they have already fled. - Against Miyuki's question, Tatsuya again denied it. "Minami, call the taxi." We're going to the hotel.

	"As you wish, Tatsuya-sama."

	Even with the "Elemental Sight" Tatsuya cannot track the criminal, having as an initial information only the assumption that the one who did it - the instigator of diversion. At this stage, he cannot do anything.

	In addition, at the moment, Tatsuya does not need to rush into battle. Moreover, in the case of the "Hakone incident", the quality of the support involved was different. When it comes to finding information on the Web, Sanada and Fujibayashi should find some clues. Perhaps they have already tracked the enemy's new location.

	Reflecting on the fact that everything had its time, Tatsuya and Miyuki and Minami sat down in an approaching unmanned taxi.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Tatsuya's assumption was only partly correct.

	"The capture squad sent to check the hotel and search for Australian saboteurs was completely destroyed." Killed there, but all incapacitated. - A voice in which feelings of repressed emotions were felt, he made a report in a room based on self-defense forces. In this room, appointed temporary control room, Fujibayashi told Kazama about the failure of the operation.

	- Destroyed? ... Reinforcement of the enemy?

	- No. The capture team suffered a magical attack.

	The people of Kazama really were on the tail of saboteurs. But they could not detain them.

	"What kind of attacks?"

	- They have acute poisoning with highly concentrated ozone gas.

	- "Ozone circle"? - Looking at his terminal, Sanada added a thoughtful voice to the report of Fujibayashi.

	"Sanada?"

	- Yes. I apologize. - Having heard his name, spoken by Kazama, Sanada realized his inappropriate behavior before a higher officer. Therefore hastily apologized.

	- Everything is fine. And yet, the "Ozone Circle"?

	- Yes. Although there is another magic that can create ozone, but if a whole squad of trained counterterrorism fighters is defeated outdoors, and not indoors, then, in my opinion, there is a high probability that this is the "Ozone Circle".

	"... Really."

	The detachment sent to capture passed numerous counter-terrorism preparations, which included methods of counteracting not only explosives and firearms, but also chemical weapons. If they feel signs of threat, they will not suffer from gas attacks. Apparently, enemy magic took them by surprise, trapped in a highly concentrated ozone gas.

	If you look for magic that can generate a large amount of ozone in a short time, then, as Sanada said, the first candidate will be the "Ozone Circle".

	- Australian magician with the "Ozone circle"?

	"There's nothing strange about it." - Sanada objected to the doubts of Fujibayashi.

	The "ozone circle" was the magic of the Strategic Class, whose famous users were William MacLeod of Britain and Carl Schmidt from Germany. Initially, it was developed in the European Union before its division, and was intended to combat ozone holes.

	Information on the sequence of magic "Ozone Circle" was provided to all the former EU countries before the division. The Australian army could gain access to it, as a former member of the British Commonwealth of Nations.

	In other words, this means that a person who calls himself James Jackson is either a girl given out for his daughter or they are both magicians of the Australian army.

	- Fujibayashi, did you find out the real personality of these two?

	- No, not yet. However, according to the testimony of psion sensors, the user of the magic that cut down the capture group is presumably Jasmine Jackson.

	- Girl?

	"Or a magician with the appearance of a girl."

	After the words of Fujibayashi, the doubting face of Kazama cleared up.

	"Does not look like her age?" Tatsuya said something similar.

	From the mention of the name Tatsuya Fujibayashi slightly shuddered. But Kazama did not know what feelings it reflected.

	"I think that the commander personally knows examples when drug agents suppressed secondary sexual characteristics of intelligence agents." Also likely the existence of a similar agent, which took measures to control growth.

	Kazama did not comment on this inhumane suggestion of Fujibayashi. Instead, he asked:

	- Have the identities of those who prevented the unit of the Great Asian Alliance been established?

	- Yes. - On the face of Fujibayashi a bitter grin arose. - They are graduates of First High at the National University of Magic. We went to the graduation trip, sempai Tatsuya-kun, a year older than him.

	- By the way, the eldest son of the Isori family was invited to a party in honor of completing the construction of an artificial island. Then it turns out they accidentally interfered, no, intervened?

	Kazama sighed and grinned. In addition to this case, there were no more mentions of graduates of First High.

	"Fujibayashi, continue to investigate the identity of agents." Sanada, look for the main enemy forces.

	- I got it.

	- I found James Jackson and Jasmine Jackson on a camera from the air. They will not run away.

	- Well.

	At the same time, having risen, and having saluted Kazama, Sanada and Fujibayashi left the room.



	Chapter 3





	Captain Jasmine Williams, using the pseudonym Jasmine Jackson, and Capt. James J. Johnson, using the pseudonym James Jackson, heard this on March 24th. Having fled from the people of Kazama, they secretly met with the leaders of the group of deserters from the Great Asian Alliance in the coastal hotel.

	" Yotsuba Magicians?"

	One of the leaders of the faction of the opponents of reconciliation, as well as the leader of this group of saboteurs, Major Daniel Liu, nodded in response to the resent Jasmine.

	- In the today's ceremony, the future head of the Yotsuba family, as well as her fiancé, took part.

	- Was it a memorial service for victims of the war five years ago?

	Liu did not add anything, and nodded again.

	- Leaders of magicians sent their representative to the ceremony, there is nothing strange. Said James, standing next to Jasmine.

	- Indeed, there is nothing unnatural here. Liu agreed with James. "However, I think that you cannot ignore it." Even if their presence in Okinawa is not connected with us, the mere presence of Yotsuba magician's here can be a serious obstacle to the operation.

	"However, the" princess "Yotsuba and her fiancé must be still high school students.

	This time, in response to Jasmine, Liu shook his head negatively.

	- During the operation in Yokohama, our army was badly damaged by the current head of the family Dziumondzi, who was at that time a high school student. You cannot be disparaging, even if it's a child.

	Although Liu himself urged Jasmine and others to be more careful, he himself did not know how valuable and dangerous magicians Tatsuya and Miyuki are. It was not a misunderstanding, he just did not know it.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	March 25, 2097.

	Tatsuya and Miyuki, received attention of enemy saboteurs, today in fact also spent a day without vigorous participation in the counter-terrorist operation.

	They relaxed at the hotel.

	- From time to time to afford such a luxury is a good thing.

	- And the truth.

	"I'm still somewhat uncomfortable ..." Minami said timidly, serving two masters talking at breakfast on the balcony.

	The room in which these three reside is a suite with two bedrooms. This time they publicly represent the Yotsuba family at a memorial ceremony for the victims of the invasion of Okinawa and at a meeting on the organization of a summer funeral service. Since the rest of the Ten Master Clans did not participate in the ceremony, it would not be an exaggeration to say that they are representatives of the Conference of the Master Clans. Therefore, the cost of the room was the highest to show the importance of the powers of the Ten Master Clans.

	In the suite where they lived, there were two bedrooms with two single beds. Tatsuya took one room, and Miyuki with Minami - another. Neither Tatsuya nor Miyuki thought it necessary to drive Minami into a separate room.

	But for Minami this number was too luxurious, and she felt atrocious. She was also embarrassed that she worried about the presence of a couple of the groom with the bride. Therefore she from time to time modestly applied, asking to be moved to a "cheaper room".

	"Does the bodyguard want to leave the guard's goal?" "But every time she received such a warning, she could not object. If Minami gets a separate cheap room, then she will be on the other floor. Then, if something happens, she will not have time.

	- I apologize. "After all, Minami had no choice but to apologize this time.

	"Minami-chan, let's sit down too." Miyuki asked softly to sit down at a table full of food and drinks. Minami, answering "Yes", obediently sat down. She already understood that it was useless to try to resist.



	Minami, making more coffee, collected the dishes on a cart. Of course, you could leave it to the hotel staff, but Minami, with the words "This is in return for being in such a luxurious room," decided to take it upon herself. ... Well, the custom to leave a tip here is not, so the harm to employees from this will not happen. Thinking in this way, Tatsuya and Miyuki were silent.

	"Miyuki, did you rest?"

	- Yes. I rested from yesterday evening, and the fatigue has completely passed.

	- It's good. - Tatsuya confirmed with his "look" that Miyuki does not pretend, and smiled gently. Miyuki looked away shyly. However, soon turned back, flushed, ashamed of her own weakness.

	"Shall we go for a walk today?"

	- Yes, with pleasure!

	"On the job?" - Miyuki did not ask out loud. If Tatsuya wants to spend time on herself, she will not have any objections. Miyuki could not even think of such disrespectful behavior as a dispute with Tatsuya's decision.

	"Minami will come with us, too."

	- Yes, I will. - Approaching the table Minami, also without hesitation nodded. She had no choice but to obey the words of her master.

	"As we get aboard the ship, I want you both to change into something that does not hamper movement."

	- I got it. Could you wait a minute?

	- Do not rush. I also need time to prepare. Minami, help Miyuki with the preparations.

	"As you wish."

	Miyuki and Minami went to their room. Tatsuya also went to change into his room.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Arriving at the port, Tatsuya, Miyuki and Minami went to a yacht equipped for the open sea. In appearance of this "yacht" it was impossible to say that it is equipped with a military engine and equipment taken from army boats.

	"Yo, here you are."

	"Joe, I'm counting on you today."

	On board the yacht, Sergeant Higaki Joseph expected them, with whom they met yesterday.

	"Um, Onii-sama ... is this?"

	Yesterday, an unexpected meeting only surprised her, but now she forgot herself so much that she did not realize that Tatsuya-sama should be used before strangers.

	"Today I planned to use the plane, but this night I received an invitation to use a boat from Sergeant Higaki. And I decided to accept the offer.

	When Tatsuya finished, Joseph, despite the lack of uniform, gave his honor to Miyuki.

	"Sergeant Higaki Joseph, at your service." Allow me today to serve as your escort. He said with a broad smile on his face. - Even if it says "escort", in fact, I was instructed to arrange a reception. Big cones from above could not ignore the name "Yotsuba". No matter how much noise is not raised. Ah, I do not know what kind of snake can crawl out.

	Apparently, Joseph wanted to say "bush snake". [note. trans.: a Japanese saying of only 2 words, meaning that a person's actions will have the opposite effect]

	- The base's management was worried, but Lieutenant Colonel Kazama said that "There is a junior officer who is familiar with the next head of the Yotsuba family" and, under the pretext of escort, was instructed to be a tourist guide to this guy. That is, me.

	Joseph winked at Miyuki. It looked stern, but unexpectedly friendly.

	"That's why, when I asked Tatsuya where he wanted to go, and got the answer that I was on Ishigaki Island, then I borrowed a military speedboat with the crew. But even if I said that a military boat, I still guarantee a comfortable trip, because it is equipped to transport important people.

	"Ishigaki Island?" I did not know that it was planned to go so far. Miyuki looked at Tatsuya in surprise.

	- Depending on the weather conditions, the trip could be canceled. I did not mean to upset you.

	"I'm surprised ... but glad." "Smiling Tatsuya," said Miyuki.



	To Ishigaki Island about 400 km, they overcame them in 3 hours. The sea was far from calm, but inside the yacht was surprisingly quiet, so Tatsuya and the company came out on Ishigaki Island even without slight seasickness. In the port they were waiting for a rented car. Then they realized that the words "to arrange a reception" were not an exaggeration.

	- Well, then, a review of conventional attractions will do?

	- Yes thank you.

	Joseph sat in the driver's seat. Only the most famous sights were near the network of unmanned roads, so to get to those that are outside these roads, a knowledgeable driver was needed. Although Joseph probably had few opportunities to leave the main island of Okinawa and visit Ishigaki, nevertheless, he got out a good guide who knows the key places. Even with the escort and maid accompanied, Miyuki was pleased with the unexpected meeting with Tatsuya.

	In the end, when it was time to return to the main island, Tatsuya asked to stop at a well-known jewelry store specializing in pearls. Leaving Joseph waiting outside, Tatsuya led Miyuki and Minami to the store.

	- This is Shiba Tatsuya.

	- We were waiting for you.

	Tatsuya gave his name, and the store employee took them to the service desk at the back of the store. As regards the workers, Miyuki realized that the visit was apparently reserved in advance.

	- Here you are.

	From the service room, a former employee left, and carefully opened the jewelry case with the necklace he had brought.

	- Oh ....!

	Inside, there was such a magnificent multicolored pearl necklace that Miyuki was involuntarily surprised aloud. The standard length graduation type combined three colors of pearls: white, black and gold. Pearls are completely ideal round shape, without natural damage. It was not necessary to be an expert to say that the saturation of color and brilliance was also a level of high luxury, which you cannot complain about.

	- Is it possible to take a closer look?

	- As you wish.

	The seller politely bowed to Tatsuya's words, and asked Miyuki: "Can I help you try on it?".

	"Uh, is that ... me?"

	Other thoughts did not come to mind. But still, involuntarily, Miyuki asked Tatsuya.

	- Of course. Happy Birthday.

	Miyuki covered her mouth with both hands.

	"We'll buy the ring later." While we take the necklace, be patient a little.

	Tatsuya was with his usual unbiased face, but the tone of his voice was different, betraying some degree of embarrassment.

	"What patience!" I'm happy. Thank you very much, Tatsuya-sama.

	Apparently from an overabundance of emotions, Miyuki's eyes shed a few tears. Only Minami noticed that she was able to replace the familiar "Onii-sama" "Tatsuya-most."



	◊ ◊ ◊



	"Jo, thank you very much for today."

	"It's a good thing." Thanks to you, I too was able to rest.

	Having landed them at the entrance to the hotel, Joseph left on an unmanned taxi. Holding a taxi with his eyes until it was out of sight, Tatsuya directed his gaze to the building across the road.

	"Onii-sama?" What happened? - Having noticed this look, Miyuki asked Tatsuya. Minami, hearing Miyuki, became tense. Tatsuya shielded Miyuki with his back from the building he was looking at.

	- Do not worry. "Despite Tatsuya's attempt to reassure, Minami's suspicion did not weaken.

	"Are those ... enemies?" "Watching Tatsuya's gaze, Miyuki saw only a window with closed curtains. Minami's eyes also read that she could not understand. Understand what Tatsuya is looking at.

	"Maybe it's a kind of information seeker hired for money." But even if you grab him, you cannot get much out of him.

	"Do not ferret out" does not mean that you cannot try to find out. So Miyuki accepted Tatsuya's words, and could neither doubt nor disprove.

	Tatsuya gently pushed Miyuki back. Following this insistence of Tatsuya, Miyuki entered the hotel door.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	In one of the rooms of the building opposite, looking through as they entered into the hotel Miyuki, Tatsuya and Minami, the captain of the Australian army, James J. Johnson, continued the previously detained breath. Trying to rub his forehead with his hand, he realized that his hand was completely wet with cold sweat.

	"So that I would experience such tension ... no, fear?"

	Modern Australia not only negatively concerns diplomacy, but also reluctantly sends troops abroad. This is the official policy, regardless of the actual manifestation of isolation. Officially, they have no alliances with other countries, and they do not participate in any joint exercises.

	But this does not mean that a soldier like James was never given a chance to participate in a real battle.

	Australia is a country rich in resources. Not only minerals. Having planted and cultivated deserts, this country has one of the few natural agricultural farms in the world capable of supplying food. Other countries, in the guise of territorial claims, begin conflicts almost daily.

	Also their isolated policy does not mean complete neutrality. As in the present case, there is nothing unusual in cooperating with armed groups of other countries in secret illegal operations.

	James is a veteran of the army service, a battle magician of the avant-garde, who has gained experience in a variety of battles. He was only a hair's breadth from death, not once or twice. He was proud of the fact that in many cases he was able to be unshakable.

	"To me ... from this kid?"

	But no matter how he denied, he understood that this was only self-deception.

	"I did not just notice my observation, it was like a god of death, piercing the soul and piercing deep in the heart ... Are they called" Untouchables "not just for the sight?"

	Rumors that started about 30 years ago after the defeat of Dahan gave birth to this name.



	Do not touch the Yotsuba from Japan. Touch and be destroyed.



	Indeed, in the shadow world, to which James belonged, the rumors have already outgrown in serious talk about the fact that the Great Asian Alliance went to a disadvantageous world because of what bothered Yotsuba. "Is not the Magic of the Strategic Class that burned the southern tip of the Korean peninsula, the development of the Yotsuba family?", Some people said.

	Considered to be the strongest division in the world, Stars from the USNA also were repulsed from Japan by Yotsuba. Unconfirmed information about this also reached him.

	James could not bring himself to believe in all these amazing stories. This time the enemy of James was "Daitengu" Kazama Harunobu, who earned his reputation in the battles on the Indochina peninsula. Since it, the capabilities of the military magicians of Japan are at a high level. The magical power of Japan is not only the Yotsuba. Showing the world's first division of flying infantry, it was the military that repulsed the sudden attack of the Great Asian Alliance with its might. According to the Australian army, including James, the Magic of the Strategic Class, which solved the situation, was the development of the Japanese army. Reasoning reasonably, such force is too great for one civil organization. By allowing this, they could not keep the balance of power in their country.

	... And yet, Yotsuba - the enemy, which in any case cannot be neglected.

	... Even if it's a schoolboy-teenager.



	James thought about it again in his memory.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	On the birthday of Miyuki Tatsuya prepared not only a gift.

	Together they enjoyed a dinner in the luxurious restaurant of the hotel, where they stopped (Minami, after reading the atmosphere, that is, under her influence, refused), after which they went to the observation deck with glasses of drinks.

	Of course, both had non-alcoholic cocktails. Ask Miyuki "maybe a little ..." Tatsuya politely declined. He still remembered his troubled experience with Mayumi at a hotel in Kyoto.

	He not only stopped her with words. Tatsuya checked withe his "eye" the contents of the glass of Miyuki. He was already used to checking drinks "Eyes of Spirits" on the presence of alcohol. So he was able to find out. Alcohol was not there.

	- Onii-sama ... I, somehow ...

	Sitting on the next couch, Miyuki raised her clouded eyes and looked at Tatsuya with a defocused gaze.

	Miyuki was dressed in a cocktail dress of orthodox style "A-line" with a skirt below the knee length. Usually knees can be seen if sitting in a chair. However, on this low couch, her slender legs were visible far above her knees.

	Fortunately, they were behind the partition, and it was not seen by other visitors. But in Tatsuya's eyes the image of uncovered legs sitting on the low sofa was clearly reflected.

	Tatsuya did not know where to look, although Miyuki simply sat according to all the rules of etiquette.

	"Can we go back to our room?"

	She did not feel bad, apparently just intoxicated with the atmosphere. Feeling that in any case it is better to return, Tatsuya called Miyuki and got up. Miyuki obediently followed Tatsuya. She was not one of those girls who would complain at such a time. Especially Tatsuya's words.

	Instead, she tightly wrapped her right hand around Tatsuya's left arm. And from that close distance she looked up and looked at Tatsuya with a spoiled look. At a time when they were considered a brother and sister, Tatsuya would politely pull back and scold Miyuki, but now he left it as it is. Because it is not unnatural in their current situation.

	Apparently Miyuki was counting on this. And yet she felt a little relieved, because she was afraid of being rejected, despite the fact that she knew that this was unlikely.

	Tatsuya left the observation deck with Miyuki, holding his left hand.



	Miyuki released Tatsuya's hand just before entering their room. With a face, as if nothing had happened, she thanked Minami, who was doing the cleaning work. Tatsuya also thanked Minami, after which he told Miyuki to go to the bathroom first, and he retired to his room.

	Closing the door, he took off his suit, but instead of a night-dress he put on an ordinary robe and sat down at his desk. Then he focused his attention on the results of what happened today.

	He sent the main part of his consciousness into the information dimension. In the innumerable ramifications of the tree of cause-effect relationships.

	Until last year, Tatsuya could only consistently track in a three-dimensional vision, but during the recent search for the culprit of the subversive terrorism incident, he searched in countless streams of information and learned the ability to look at the whole picture of cause-effect relationships as a whole from a bird's eye view.

	And in this vision of the whole picture from above, he quickly discovered a piece of information that he himself had released earlier. The label is found. He began to read information about the found object.

	"... James Jeffrey Johnson, an Australian military magician, is a captain."

	The information Tatsuya "watched" described the enemy agent who was watching them when they returned to the hotel. Then he could not clearly see the face, but it was clear that this was a man of European appearance. Therefore, having guessed that it could be a person with a picture of "parent with child" shown on the eve of Kazama, he shot through the Idea a tracking psion label.

	"Is the current location northeast of the coast of Kume Island, do they use a fishing boat?"

	Unfortunately, he could not read the information not related to the marked person. The technique of the "field of vision" with the key markers was still imperfect, he was still finalizing it and learning to apply it.

	But the information received that the real identity of "James Jackson" - "Captain James J. Johnson", is of great importance. Tatsuya did not underestimate his achievements, and, taking out the terminal-laptop from the baggage, sent to Kazama in encrypted form the data just received.



	After taking a bath and getting ready for bed, Tatsuya returned to the bedroom and saw Miyuki sitting in the unoccupied bed in her pajamas.

	Pajamas did not have provocative elements like unbuttoned buttons or accidental exposure of the shoulder due to the large size, but was slightly transparent and with a deep neckline. A thin silky fabric (most likely natural silk) was clearly visible, showing the contours of the body on which there was no underwear, so Tatsuya hurried to look away.

	- ... Did you want to talk about something? - Trying not to look below the neck to his younger sister and bride, he asked.

	- You cannot? Cannot I just come?

	Bending her head in an interrogative gesture, Miyuki asked softly. Despite the fact that he did it several times before, Tatsuya "looked" once again checked the concentration of alcohol in Miyuki's blood.

	"... Please, do not look at me like that." I'm embarrassed ... "Miyuki blushed and looked at Tatsuya with dull eyes.

	- Ah, um. Sorry.

	Even Tatsuya could not avoid a little excitement from this. If it was not him, the "small" excitement would not have ended. The limit of the strength of the mind would instantly be shaken, and the mind would become confused, as with the werewolves in the transformation.

	"Onii-sama, you were already going to have a rest?"



	Not only the tone, but the wording were somewhat suspicious. It seems that she really got drunk without alcohol. Tatsuya could not but come to this conclusion, seeing the state of Miyuki.

	- Yes, I'm going to do it.

	"Then, go to bed." Because I turn off the light.

	- ...I beg. Tatsuya realized that it would not work to drive her out of this room.

	Although the sound of water was not audible, Minami was still in the bathroom. Leaving the bathroom, she immediately understand where Miyuki is. Misunderstanding is inevitable. Surrendering, Tatsuya closed his eyes.

	From the next bed he heard a happy sniff, which was his salvation.



	At midnight, trying to stay unnoticed, Tatsuya carefully, muffled the steps, left the room.



	Chapter 4





	The next morning.

	Two girls, standing looking away and with false expressions on his face, Tatsuya told the plans for today.

	- Today, as planned, we will go to the island of Kume.

	It was not a surprise, as yesterday, it was planned from the very beginning.

	But there was no direct connection with the mission. If you have free time, you need to look at an artificial island, which must be protected, adhering to the position "if there is time after all the affairs." The main goal for today is tourism. Yesterday the main was Miyuki's gift, and today the main thing is to carelessly kill time.

	Will the mission be completed if the party for the completion of the artificial island construction on the 28th is successfully defended? However, in order to prevent a diversion in advance, it is necessary to deprive the enemy of the ability to conduct military operations, and for this it is necessary to find out where the main forces of the enemy are hidden. And the search is the work of the army. The succession of Tatsuya will not come until these main enemy forces are found.

	Arriving in Okinawa, and spending some days in the hotel, Tatsuya felt that this was a waste of time. He did not want to go out to look for foreign magicians, simply because it was not his job.

	That's why Tatsuya decided to have a day off today.

	- Departure at 8:30. CAD's can be taken on board the aircraft.

	In this environment, this was not something that needs to be repeated. In most cases, public officials are allowed to carry CAD's on the permission of the police. Students of the University of Magic, and students of Schools of Magic automatically have such permission. So this is not the privilege of the Ten Master Clans. However, in return, there is a duty to save people in emergencies.

	- Preparation is complete. Tatsuya-sama and Miyuki-sama had only to change.

	- Good job.

	"First we'll go and have breakfast."

	Miyuki thanked Minami for her diligence, and Tatsuya took them to the hotel restaurant, where breakfast was waiting for them.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	- Tatsuya-san! - Entering the departure hall of the airport, Tatsuya heard a voice from the side.

	- Honoka. Together with Shizuku?

	The voice that was called belonged to Honoka. Next to her stood Shizuku. Tatsuya was not surprised by the appearance of these two. He heard from Miyuki about the invitation to go on a trip from them. And also that the purpose of their trip and the purpose of the assignment overlap.

	- Yeah. Good morning.

	In addition to Honoka and Shizuku there were other familiar faces.

	"Nakajou-senpai, good morning."

	- Good morning. Miyuki-san and the guys, are you also on the island of Kume?

	- Yes.

	- We saw you at the recent ceremony of the Buddhist festival of Higan, and thought that it would be nice to meet somewhere, and by chance coincided.

	"I also heard that the sempai would go to Kume Island, so we thought that we would probably meet."

	Miyuki listened to Azusa's speech for a long time, nodding, and then in turn she greeted Hattori, Isori, Kanon, Kirihara, Sayaka and Sawaki.

	It was not a pre-planned meeting. But even with randomness, it was not surprising. The time of arrival of their flight was 9:00. A good time to plan a trip from the main island of Okinawa to the island of Kume for sightseeing. The coincidence was a date, but the coincidence of time was inevitable.

	"We have already agreed with Mitsui-san, but will the company of Miyuki-san join us?"

	As Azusa said, Tatsuya company of three people, Honoka and Shizuku - two more, Azusa company of seven people, a total of 12 people were waiting for landing. Needless to say, she had in mind that she was inviting to spend time together on the island of Kume.

	Miyuki looked at Tatsuya with the expression "What should I do?" on the face.

	- Not a bad idea. Tatsuya nodded and answered so that Azusa could hear him too. Having answered "Yes" Tatsuya, Miyuki turned back to Azusa.

	"Please take care of us." Miyuki bowed politely. Without asking the consent of Hattori, Isori and others, Tatsuya decided everything for them.



	Arriving on the island of Kume, a group of students and graduates of First High first swept around the island on a boat organized by Shizuku with a transparent bottom. In the original plan, several places were rented for this boat, but with the increase in the number of people, Shizuku rented the whole boat for 1 round.

	As expected from the family of Ushio, one of the leading wealthy families in Japan, the request sent before departure was already satisfied with the arrival.

	From the airport to the port of Kanegusuku in a straight line about 5 km.

	After reaching the port on the rented bicycles, the group, after a short wait, boarded the ship.

	- Uwaa!

	- It's amazing...

	Kanon gave a gleeful cry, and Azusa uttered words of admiration. Their surprise was not an exaggeration.

	The ship, rented by the Ushio family for Shizuku, was a semi-submersible type with windows allowing to watch the sea also on the sides.

	But the word "window" to this ship was not suitable. With the exception of the nose and stern, each of the sides of the submerged part of the ship was completely transparent. The floor is also almost all transparent, except for a small part. The view from there was a full underwater panorama.

	Not only the underwater view, but also the view from the deck was wonderful. It was a view of white beaches, a diverse rocky terrain, where the rocks were seen in various bizarre shapes. The pupils and graduates of First High were busy running up and down the ship.

	Having skirted the southern extremity of Kume Island, the ship headed north-east and stopped at the shore of the famous beach on the uninhabited island of "Hateno".

	- I wonder what's going on?

	- This vessel has a large underwater part, so they prepare a rubber boat for landing.

	As Isori replied to the question of Kanon, the sailors began to inflate a rubber boat on the deck and attached an outboard motor to it.

	Since the boat was six-seater, behind them they prepared the second. Judging by the size and power of the engine, a person was required with the rights to manage small vessels, however,

	"Tatsuya-san, do you have any?"

	- Rights to small ships? There is.

	- Ah, I also have.

	Tatsuya nodded to Shizuku's question, then Isori raised his hand, so 12 people were able to go to the uninhabited island at the same time. Also among them, Minami had the same second-class license as Tatsuya's (watercraft management), and Hattori had the usual license for small boats.

	Tatsuya, Miyuki, Minami, Honoka, Shizuku, Sawaki.

	Isori, Kanon, Hattori, Azusa, Kirihara, Sayaka.

	Separated in this way, 12 people landed on a white beach of coral sand. Upon arrival, Sawaki jumped first out of the boat and Tatsuya helped the girls to descend.

	"Tatsuya-sama, I'll take care of the boat." "Minami said to Tatsuya, who had completed the engine condition check.

	"Very well, please."

	"Please leave it to me."

	Knowing that it was useless to say anything, Tatsuya instructed Minami to do it. Besides her, there were some high school students. Even if you force her to go by force, she will just worry, feeling uncomfortable. Tatsuya came to the conclusion that she could relax if left alone.

	"Then, I'll take care of the other." - Sawaki said to Tatsuya after lowering Honoka. And he went to the boat, without waiting for Tatsuya's answer.

	From there, he heard Azusa's nervous, hurried voice saying "We are not together with Hattori-kun!", But Tatsuya said nothing, deciding that it did not concern him. Because the events in the neighborhood did not distract us.

	Honoka, who was waiting, suddenly took off her outer garment. Under the blouse with short sleeves was a separate swimsuit with a top in the form of a bikini and a bottom in the form of short tight shorts. Complementing this style, her usual hairstyle with two tails, laid on her shoulders, created a very mature and sexy image.

	Although it is the subtropical island of Kume, it was still March. Wearing a swimsuit is a bit early. It is unlikely that now you will find at least one tourist who has come to swim or dive.

	Honoka's courageous swimsuit caught the glances not only of her fellow travelers, but also of other tourists.

	"Tatsuya-san, why do we not go over there?"

	But Honoka, ignoring the evil glances directed at her (or not showing it), and pressed herself against Tatsuya's hand. Obviously, she pressed herself tightly to his arm. Seeing this bold action, Miyuki opened her eyes wide. Blissfully, clapping her eyes, she stood, stunned. Catching this moment, Honoka tried to drag Tatsuya.

	Tatsuya was also surprised by Honoka's assertiveness. But he did not relieve the grip of Honoka, not because he did not fully understand the situation. And because it was dangerous. Honoka always desperately follows his goal, as if going to the last fight. And today this impression was especially strong.

	On the face of Honoka Tatsuya, seized by his hand, saw the smile of a little devil. So ... when he saw her, he understood everything.

	At the moment when Honoka looked forward, Tatsuya looked at Miyuki. Honoka is important as a friend, but not enough to harm Miyuki's mood.

	However, Miyuki returned him the same agitated and completely unbending look, saying "It seems that Honoka does not behave quite normally." Were yesterday's presents (not only things) to blame, but no accusations were sent to Tatsuya.



	Of course, the aggressive behavior of Honoka had a prehistory.



	Honoka and Shizuku arrived in Okinawa on March 25. It was yesterday. And the day before, rarely acting separately from Shizuku Honoka went along with Amy and Subaru for shopping in a fashionable place in the city center.

	No, Honoka and Shizuku did not quarrel or something like that.

	Shizuku is not only a young fledgling magician, but also a "young lady". In order to get a "cultural education" peculiar to the "mistress", she has many additional lessons, except for schooling.

	Before a long trip, she was more busy to learn "lessons" for the entire missed period in advance. That's why before the trip Shizuku could not go anywhere.

	Eimi suggested "go for a walk in some cheerful crowded place."

	Honoka usually did not go to places where people go in droves. But it was because Shizuku does not like turmoil. The most Honoka were not disgusted with crowded places. It was rather preferable to the energy radiated by the lively youth of the same age.

	Thus, it was a kind of attempt to enjoy a cheerful life in a city that could not be done for a long time, without hindering the convenience of Shizuku.

	They just walked around, looking at the shop windows and sometimes buying food, because Amy and Subaru had no specific goals. But Honoka had something she wanted to buy.

	"Actually, I'm going to Okinawa tomorrow." - Suddenly spoke Honoka, when they were sitting in one of the fast food establishments.

	"Uh, really !?" - Eimi tried to hide the feeling of envy with a surprised look.

	- I know. Are you going to a party on an artificial island in Kumejima?

	[note. : Kumejima = Kume island + a group of islands around, considered one "city"]

	Subaru demonstrated her awareness, then, asked Honoka: "And what?".

	"I would like to buy clothes for Okinawa, but ..."

	- A dress for a party? To Amy's question, Honoka waved her head.

	"Clothes, in which you will appear before Shiba-kun?" - With the approval of Subaru Honoka did not agree and did not deny it. But shy silence was perceived here as consent.

	"That's it, that's why you need our advice!"

	Eimi said her conclusion with the expression "Riddle solved!".

	She was not mistaken.

	"... What do you think is good?" Honoka asked shyly of the two.

	"How about a swimsuit?" In the case of Honoka, the top should be a bikini. - Subaru's answer was simple.

	"Uh-er !?" Honoka screamed in an embarrassed voice. If she now drank her drink, it would be an eruption of a geyser.

	- And, exactly, it will suit her. It's good. But is it not even now cool in Okinawa? - Eimi irresponsibly inserted her arguments into someone else's decision.

	"Not to enter the water." If it's cold, then together with sunscreen, you can apply a protection cream from the cold.

	- Subaru, umnichka ~

	Subaru glanced back at Eimi's praise with a proud face.

	- Wait! - Protested against this Honoka. - Only I'll be in a swimsuit, it's a bit ...

	"It will be Kumejima, will not it?" Then you will definitely visit the beach, though not swimming.

	- ... Probably.

	- Then to wear a swimsuit will not be strange. And if the swimsuit is only on Honoka, she can prove even stronger.

	- It's a shame.

	Subaru looked dispassionately at the ready to explode Honoka.

	- Honoka. - Suabaru approached this look with the name of Honoka. "Honoka, are you really ready to take Shiba-kun from Miyuki?"

	From such a serious tone, not only Honoka, but also Eimi did not know what to say.

	"Oh, what is this evil way of asking a question?" I know that Honoka loves Shiba-kun seriously. I think whether Honoka is serious about surpassing Miyuki? That's what was meant.

	- Well ... - For some reason Honoka could not complete the phrase "Of course."

	- I think Honoka understands better than me that Miyuki cannot win in direct competition.

	- ... I see.

	Her words were a cruel reality. However, "reality" is not in all areas, because it was a real "battlefield" for Tatsuya's heart.

	- Despite the fact that there are minor differences between Honoka and Miyuki, they are in general similar. Equally rectilinear. Devotees who tend to get out of control sometimes, but mostly modest.

	Honoka did not answer at all. Said Subaru reached her one by one.

	- Therefore, if you go on the offensive with an approach that is not different from the opponent, the difference will be invisible. - Answered Eimi, not Honoka. "Then." Subaru, what do you think you should do?

	"It's not me, but Honoka." She needs to change the approach.

	- How exactly?

	- First of all, the image change. Honoka has a good style, you have to use it as a weapon to the maximum. But you need to strive to look sexy.

	"Hmmm ..." Eimi agreed. Honoka only opened and closed her mouth, but there were no sounds.

	"And then do what Miyuki cannot do." For example, she is the only one in the swimsuit pressing herself with her breast.

	- It's impossible! Finally, Honoka gave a short scream. However, Eimi and Subaru only looked at her, and then continued the meeting to discuss the strategy.

	"I wonder if she can charm Shiba-kun without something like that?"

	- Impossible. This person is not affected by the usual childish charm.

	"Oh, well, it's true ..."

	"In that case, it seems that Honoka's defeat has already been decided." Do not be afraid to risk it. So in fact, Honoka?

	"Y-yes ..." Honoka nodded dejectedly at these sudden words.

	- Good. Subaru said, standing up. At the same time pulling Honoka with him.

	- Eh?

	- If you think so, then we go to watch swimsuits now.

	As if confirming her agreement, Eimi got up and took the cups on a tray.

	"You have to choose brave enough."

	- Uh-uh? Uh-uh?

	Subaru dragged Honoka to the exit from the institution. Eimi, after handing the tray into the dishwasher, ran to catch up with the two of them.



	With such a prehistory, Honoka, hiding the shame behind the mask of a small devil, was actively trying to get Tatsuya's attention.

	Whether irresoluteness is finally overcome, or believing that Tatsuya's light-mindedness cannot be accepted before the graduates, Miyuki rushed to Tatsuya. Nevertheless, Honoka embraced Tatsuya's arm more tightly and did not let go of him.



	Not only the tourists of this beach observed the attempts of Honoka's seduction. From the neighboring beach "Nakano", towards the beach "Hateno" looked a middle-aged man. At the same time, he deftly moved his hand, worked in a strange portable terminal, which was seemingly incompatible with his light clothes. Tatsuya felt this look, but, since there was no difference with the views of other curious people, he did not pay much attention to him.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	After returning to the ship with a transparent bottom, the activity of Honoka continued. Although she threw back her blouse, the top 3 buttons were unbuttoned, revealing a swimsuit bra.

	Fortunately, there was not anyone on the ship who blamed Honoka for such a shameless appearance. However, it was also inevitable that a group of graduates preferred to keep a distance.

	Also inevitable was the fact that Kanon and Sayaka looked at Tatsuya with reproachful glances. They also understood that Tatsuya cannot bifurcate. Nevertheless, they saw the weight of the unrequited love of this girl - Honoka. Not knowing how to help the same girl, they could only sting Tatsuya's gaze strictly. Seducing Honoka, restraining this Miyuki, and showering them with reproachful glances of Kanon and Sayaka.

	Tatsuya was the first to notice that something abnormal is happening.

	"Honoka, wait a little."

	"Tatsuya-san?"

	Tatsuya's sudden change of voice confused Honoka. Without answering, Tatsuya disengaged from Honoka and went to the bridge of the ship. Hattori, who noticed unusual signs of Tatsuya's behavior, followed him. Hattori was followed by Sawaki and Kirihara. The three heard Tatsuya's speech informing him of the emergence of an emergency.

	"Captain, five hundred meters ahead, in the vicinity of the seabed you can find the trace of a warship."

	- What!?

	Behind Tatsuya Hattori, Sawaki and Kirihara looked at the captain's taut face, who at that moment was already instructing the crew to send the sonar forward towards the seabed.

	- Found! The estimated length is 80 meters, it looks like a standard submarine!

	"Why did something like this appear here !?" - Kanon screamed, which a little later than the others came in an embrace with Isori.

	"Maybe she's from our army?" - Sawaki expressed his assumption. However, he himself believed that the probability of this tends to zero.

	"If it's an army, then there's no problem." But we must take into account other possibilities! "Hattori declared the discussion of the hypotheses meaningless.

	- Change of course! Right steering! "Apparently, the captain came to the same conclusion as Hattori."

	Following the order, the ship began to maneuver along the arc to the right. Noticing this movement, the submarine also started the engines and started to move. This fact immediately ruled out the possibility that the submarine belongs to the forces of self-defense.

	- Sound of water injection confirmed! It seems that a suspicious vessel is preparing to launch a torpedo! Cried the sonar operator.

	"Did you hear the injection of water into the starting shaft?" Apparently this ship is an old type.

	"Why did you say that !?" - Hattori growled at the carefree (or fearless) muttering Tatsuya.

	Instead of answering Hattori's condemnation,

	- Minami.

	He called Minami, who also recently came here and stood behind three graduates.

	"Yes, Tatsuya-sama." "Despite the situation, Minami's response was as calm as usual.

	- Prepare an antiobject barrier. Place of installation - 30 meters from the ship. Size - ten-meter radius before each torpedo. Block the course of the ship is strictly prohibited. Can you?

	"Leave it to me." "At the task set by Tatsuya, Minami, without a hitch, confidently nodded.

	- Torpedoes released!

	Two white tracks on the surface, quickly picking up speed, rushed in their direction. Thus, they will not have time to evade them.

	- Minami.

	- Yes. - Minami already prepared her CAD in the form of a mobile terminal for activation. Tatsuya was not the only one who discovered antiobject barriers created under the water, with his magical perception.

	Suddenly, water columns rose. However, there was no splash of water from the explosions. Minami's anti-object barrier had the ability to repel an explosion, but the torpedoes were not originally intended for destruction.

	- Foam torpedoes. Their goal is to detain us?

	Despite the fact that Tatsuya spoke to himself, his speech was an explanation for Hattori and others. After Minami canceled the barrier, the foam began to slowly creep along the surface of the water.

	"Leave it to me." - Isori waved his right hand, manipulating his CAD. Foam from the surface of the sea was removed, as if the windshield was wiping the window.

	- Further, there will probably be an attack by manned torpedoes with landing.

	- The second wave is approaching! - As if following Tatsuya's prediction, the sonar operator's cry reached their ears.

	- A gift in return! - The magic of Hattori caused an explosion where four tracks from the torpedoes were visible (or whatever it was). Formed in the sea air bubbles wrapped 4 torpedoes. The pull of the blades could no longer push them, and the inertia was extinguished by foam.

	The back of the manned torpedoes opened wide. From the inside, people jumped out military wetsuits at the same time.

	"I'll take care of them!" - Sawaki jumped from the deck to a man who jumped up from the sea. In a jump, being above this man, Sawaki abruptly changed the trajectory and crashed down. His kick sent the enemy back into the water.

	It was not the magic of flight. Air maneuvering by means of vector control. Once again, pushing away from the air, Sawaki shot down another enemy.

	The remaining two enemies landed on the ship.

	"How about leaving them to me!" - Despite the situation, Kirihara's voice was joyful. - Explosive fishing!

	Entering into a rage with a battle cry, Kirihara attacked the enemy with what was in his hand - a fishing rod. The enemy raised his hand and blocked Kirihara's attack. More precisely, he defended himself against the high-frequency blade of Kirihara created by an anti-objective barrier near his hand.

	- Oria Oria Oria! Ha-ha-ha-ah! "However, Kirihara's attack did not end with one attack." Using a high-frequency blade in combination with the technique of preventing self-destruction on a fishing rod, the enemy was showered with blows. Loudly laughing, furiously attacking the enemy, Kirihara-berserk, from the side looked like a real villain.

	Eventually, the violator, not having coped with a long pressure, splashing blood, fell. As expected from Kirihara, he did not forget himself enough to chop off anything to the enemy, none of his attacks even reached the bones. ... But from severe injuries it still did not differ.

	The last of the enemies did not watch in silence, as his companions were shredding. In order to help the ally, who almost defended himself under the squall of attacks, he sent a pistol to Kirihara. But he could not shoot. Amazed from behind by a huge number of small stones, he was piled on the deck face down. These stones turned out to be ice, created from sea water. It was the magic of Hattori.

	Hattori had a lot of techniques, similar to the magic used by Mayumi. This was not a coincidence, but precisely because Hattori closely watched Mayumi, and not only imitated her magic, but also modified it, fitting it to himself.

	"Who are these guys?" - Back on board Sawaki, looking at the defeated Kirihara and Hattori opponents, asked a question in the void.

	- Pirates ... I think they can be called sea pirates. Tatsuya answered him. He crouched down to photograph the defeated Hattori pirate, then, grabbing the wetsuit for his belt, picked it up using an impulse of strength when he got up and threw it over the side.

	- Hey !?

	Ignoring the nervous Hattori, Tatsuya took a photo of a second person bleeding from Kirihara's attacks, then grabbed him by the leg and dragged him to the edge of the deck.

	"As long as these guys are in our hands, the pirates will persistently attack us."

	"Are they coming to pick them up?"

	"Or to prevent the disclosure of their personalities, they will try to sink this ship, right?" Tatsuya answered, not turning his head to Hattori, and threw overboard the pirate, which he dragged by the leg.

	"So, while the pirates pick up friends, we'll get time." We will take advantage of this advantage to escape.

	The last phrase was addressed to the captain, who came to see the situation.

	"I understand you." - The captain with a pale face quickly went to the bridge to give orders to his subordinates.

	"... You're a terribly terrible guy."

	In response to the trembling Kirihara, Tatsuya only shrugged his shoulders.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	As Tatsuya expected, the submarine no longer pursued a group of students and graduates of First High. Tatsuya was right not because he had an excellent deduction, it depended on whether or not to know the circumstances.

	Tatsuya knew (Miyuki and Minami also) that these underwater pirates are a joint unit of deserters of the Great Asian Alliance and Australian military agents. Therefore, it was easy to predict the behavior of a submarine, especially knowing the fact that they should hide their identities (especially Australians) until they attack the artificial island, which is the real goal.

	There was a depressing atmosphere inside this submarine.

	"That's why I advised that you do not need to do this." - An agent of the Australian army, Captain James J. Johnson sarcastically reproached Major Daniel Liu, leader of the group of deserters from the Great Asian Alliance.

	His partner, Captain Jasmine Williams, was not on board the submarine. She did not get on board not because women are not taken on submarines, but because her appearance is an important weapon in the current mission of the Australian army.

	Forcing the enemy to tolerate negligence 12-13 years old look and experience with the rationality of an adult. And also advanced magical skills. This level of concealment of a true person becomes a big advantage over other agents.

	Even in this joint operation, on the part of the deserters of the Great Asian Alliance about the appearance of Jasmine, only Daniel Liu knows. She could not avoid contact with other soldiers if she went with them on a submarine.

	That's why Jasmine at this time acted separately from Captain Johnson.

	- You cannot be disdainful, just because they are schoolchildren. That's what Major Lyu-dono said, guys!

	This time the wounded were only among the deserters of the Great Asian Alliance. At first glance, Johnson was not upset, but in fact he was filled with annoyance that because of this useless problem, the Japanese side would increase its vigilance.

	"So, what are you going to do from now on?" - oborov irritation and quickly calmed down, Johnson asked Liu about the plans for the future.

	"We narrow the mission's goal to a party on the 28th." - The tone of the respondent Liu had a hint of anger.

	This time, the attack on the ship with Tatsuya was a plan for Liu's closest assistants.

	Capture the Yotsuba magicians, or at least cause injuries so that they could not prevent the operation on the 28th.

	At the same time, kidnap the daughter of the Ushio family to distract the enemy forces in search, pretending to be kidnappers asking for ransom. And adding to the list of ransom accompanying the daughter of the family of Ushio students of the National University of Magic and the National Defense College, they will definitely descend for pirates and will be able to hide their identity.

	To this plan, Liu himself, honestly, was not very enthusiastic. But he was not against it either. Johnson, obviously, was against it.

	As a result of this operation, no results were achieved, one of the people was so seriously injured that he could not return to service, and the existence of a secret weapon in the form of a submarine also became known to the enemy. Realizing that the continuation of the mission was impossible, they could only admit that Johnson was right, and they were wrong.

	In short, their honor was tainted. For people like Liu, this was unbearable in and of itself. It was a matter of honor for Liu, who from the outset opposed the peace with Japan. Although there are reasons such as the instability of the internal political system, the reduction of diplomatic presence, the lack of underwater mines, but the main thing is the feeling of intolerability of the fact that one has to kneel before such a small country as Japan.

	- I think this is a reasonable decision. - Johnson's polite caring words, at the moment sounded like a mockery.

	"However, I do not understand." - To distract from disappointment, Liu decided to change the subject. "How did they find our presence?"

	- ... Is it not with the help of an active sonar? - Johnson's answer to Liu's question was superficial.

	- This is understandable. However, active sonars of private civil and recreational vessels are designed to search for obstacles to navigation in shallow water, and by themselves cannot detect a ship in the ocean floor area.

	Liu interrupted his speech to see if Johnson understood what was being said. From the eyes of Johnson slept the cover of indifference.

	- The distance between us was about 500 meters. Sonar of a private ship cannot find our ship without knowing the coordinates of the aiming place in advance.

	"... Is this also the magic of Yotsuba?" There were signs of fear in Johnson's voice. From this Johnson anxiety, Liu felt a slight tension.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Was the magic of Yotsuba that foresaw the attack of the submarine?



	Captain James J. Johnson came to the conclusion that it was half right, and half there.



	Tatsuya, Miyuki and Minami returned to the hotel on the main island of Okinawa.

	Shizuku and Honoka from today to the hotel in the island of Kume.

	Azusa also moved to the same hotel. Initially, they planned to go to a party from the hotel on the main island of Okinawa, but Shizuku organized this more convenient option.

	Tatsuya also received an offer from Shizuku. But Tatsuya and Miyuki still had official work on the main island. Having reported this, they separated from the main group at the airport.

	And now, in the room of the hotel room, Tatsuya checked to see if the mark keeping track of Captain Johnson was still active.

	Released yesterday at the review of the target psion bullet, still possessed sufficient strength, having only small signs of wear. However, just in case, Tatsuya released a new bullet through the Idea, destroying the old label.

	Apparently, the Australian military magician has not yet discovered this technique. During the recent attack by the psion bullet, he did not notice any signs of understanding and opposition.

	Tatsuya was able to detect the attack of the defenders of the Great Asian Alliance who pretended to be pirates of the sea, not because he had found a submarine. And because the response of the mark on the position of Captain Johnson showed the coordinates east of the island of Kume.

	Johnson does not know that he walks with a bell on his neck. He does not even suspect the possibility of observation with the help of Elemental Sight. Therefore also does not know.

	The tail is seized by the Australian army, and not deserters of the Great Asian Alliance.

	Curiosity ruined the cat. [Curiosity killed the cat. - in the original the phrase is duplicated in English]

	Johnson's observation of Tatsuya and Miyuki can hardly be called curiosity. However, the situation in which he got was exactly this proverb. The magic of Tatsuya, and not the magic of Yotsuba, kept under control all the Australian military forces involved in this operation.



	Chapter 5





	The next day, on March 27, a meeting was planned to discuss the preparation of the summer memorial service.

	The official work for today is over. Now it remains only in response to the invitation of the Ushio family to attend the party dedicated to the completion of the "Saikashin Island", but certainly not only because of Tatsuya's work. The work will most likely start today.

	"Tatsuya-kun, what happened?" Is not this the middle of the meeting about the memorial service? - Suddenly came to the meeting place with Kazamu, Tatsuya met Fujibayashi. Apparently, the attitude of Fujibayashi to Tatsuya has not changed since the New Year.

	Even if the meeting was not scheduled, there was time for psychological preparation while he walked from the gate of the base to the room. Tatsuya did not know whether the relationship had really changed. And he did not even think about forcing her to tell. Until now, Tatsuya did not even think about Fujibayashi, it did not matter. She is a valuable employee. The range of possibilities varies dramatically depending on whether the operation of the "Electron Sorceress" is involved in the operation or not involved.

	Tatsuya thought that, if possible, it is necessary to maintain friendly relations with Fujibayashi. However, he was not going to take any special action for this. Simply put, if Fujibayashi pretends that everything is as before, then Tatsuya will simply enjoy this advantage.

	- Help came from the main house, I trusted Miyuki to them.

	Last night, from the main house in Okinawa came one of the subordinates of Hayama, the butler of Shirakawa. In fact, it meant only assistance for the time of the meeting of the memorial service. But it was not about helping with discussions. However, Miyuki, who has never visited public places as Yotsuba's successor, will openly participate in the meeting with the title of the next head of the Yotsuba family. There are those who harbored anger at the Yotsuba family and those who want to use the Yotsuba family. You never know when to expect all sorts of difficulties associated with them. Because of such anxiety, Tatsuya was also going to attend the meeting just in case.

	However, with the presence of Shirakawa alongside Miyuki, the need for Tatsuya's presence has disappeared. Being an experienced subordinate of Hayama, Shirakawa possesses the necessary skills and will cope better than Tatsuya. Today's potential threat is neither magical power nor physical strength, and the power of language is the skill of negotiating.

	Apparently thinking about this, Maya sent Shirakawa here. Tatsuya was just glad of such a favor. Despite the fact that it was simultaneously a depressing message "I sent help, so do your job properly."

	- I see. Then, I wonder what kind of clue Tatsuya-kun brought us? - Fujibayashi did not ask seriously. She did not think that Tatsuya could provide an opportunity to get in touch with the enemy. It was a kind of joke.

	"I would like to ask for help in flooding the submarine saboteurs." Here are the coordinates of the supposed current position of the target submarine.

	To understand what Tatsuya said, Fujibayashi took some time.

	"... I'll call the commander." Wait a little, please. - Fujibayashi switched her behavior from the attitude toward her younger friend to the attitude of a representative of one of the leading magician families, took a memory card from Tatsuya, and went to the next room.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	The waiting time was unexpectedly long. However, after seeing the face of Fujibayashi, he understood the reason for waiting.

	Officers of the Independent Magically Equipped Battalion: Kazama, Sanada and Yanagi. And also Chen Xiangshan and Lu Ganghu besides them. They sat around the tactical table.

	Prior to this, Tatsuya and Lu Ganghu met face to face only once in the Hachioji Special Detention Center. This was when Lu Ganghu attacked the Special Detention Center to deal with Sekimoto Isao, who became the pawn of the Great Asian Alliance.

	At that time, Lu Ganghu defeated Mayumi and Marie, and Tatsuya only stopped his attempt to attack Mayumi. Finally, the victorious (but not killed) Lu Ganghu was Marie. Later, during the Yokohama incident, Tatsuya did not participate in intercepting Lu Ganghu in front of the Yokohama Gulf Tower. Therefore, it could be said that there was no direct connection between Tatsuya and Lu Ganghu.

	However, it was also true that a year and a half ago Chen Xiangshan and Lu Ganghu had done a lot of work in relation to Tatsuya and his entourage. At that time, Chen Xiangshan and Lu Ganghu were Tatsuya's clear enemies. And now he met them without any hostility (but without friendliness too). Lu Ganghu seemed to be puzzled by the unorganized attitude of Tatsuya.

	Chen Xiangshan, as expected, showed no misunderstanding.

	"May I call you Shiba-dono?"

	"I do not mind, colonel-dono."

	The greeting of Tatsuya and Chen Xiangshan was limited to this.

	"We were told that this is a tactical meeting about the attack on an enemy submarine, but is it clear that enemy agents are hiding on it?" - Chen Xiangshan spoke, immediately went to work. Tatsuya felt the irony when he heard "enemy agents" from him, but did not purposely spoil the atmosphere.

	- There is no doubt that there is an Australian military magician on board, acting in concert with the deserters of your country.

	- How do you know, I probably should not ask.

	"I cannot tell you this."

	Tatsuya did not begin to ask for a clear answer.

	"This submarine does not belong to either your country or our country." We have contacted all countries that have diplomatic channels, but not one has recognized that this is the business of their country. - To fill the silence, Kazama began the explanation.

	- Have you contacted Australia, too?

	- Yes. Well, they could have been lying.

	When asked by Chen Xiangshan, Kazama nodded in a bitter smile. Chen Xiangshan, after saying "Really", also smiled bitterly. And immediately they both returned serious faces.

	"Despite the fact that they almost disappeared from observation, the current position of the enemy vessel is defined in the open sea. There you can drown without public attention.

	Kazama looked at Tatsuya.

	"How about flooding a long-range magic attack?" Tatsuya answered carelessly.

	- The magic of Yotsuba? - Asked Tatsuya Chen Xiangshan.

	- Exactly. - This time he did not evade the answer.

	"Thank you for the offer, but I would like to leave this as an insurance in case of unforeseen circumstances." - He said this to Kazama, his gaze forced Sanada to continue.

	- Based on the data of the sea map provided by Shiba-kun, we also understood the current position of the submarine.

	When Sanada mentioned Shiba-kun, Chen Xiangshan looked at him with a face that expressed surprise. He openly showed it. If the Shiba-kun appeal reflected the special relationship between Tatsuya and the Japanese army, his behavior showed that he had noticed the reservation and offered to reform.

	However, there was no need to hide Tatsuya's connection with Kazama and Sanada, which arose during the incident 5 years ago. The secret was in Tatsuya's participation in repulsing the invasion force attack (or it's better to call it complete destruction), so simply showing close relationships, these facts cannot be linked.

	Those who have good logical thinking, must understand that this is too rapid progress.

	Sanada came up with the use of the Shiba-kun appeal. In this case, there should not be such a reaction.

	"The enemy ship began to ascend." It seems they decided to refill supplies. "Ignoring Chen Xiangshan's gaze, Sanada continued the explanation.

	"Do they come to the surface?"

	- No. Your compatriots will not be so stupid. - To the question of Chen Xiangshan, Sanada shook his head with a smile. Although he did not say anything, his smile seemed to betray an evil man.

	- They are no longer compatriots. They are deserters.

	- Sorry for this. Returning to the topic, the above submarine moored in a floating dock disguised as a medium-sized tanker.

	In this era, the use of petroleum products as fuel is considered obsolete. However, as an industrial raw material, there is still a great need for oil. There is nothing special about a tanker floating on the East China Sea.

	"It's unclear how long the replenishment will last, so if we want to capture a submarine, then we need to attack it now while it's in the dock."

	- Will the captured deserters of our country be handed over to us?

	- Of course. We sincerely hope to cooperate in this operation and are ready to do this for your convenience. - To the question of Chen Xiangshan, Kazama answered with his conditions.

	"Thank you." - Chen Xiangshan nodded to Kazama and gave his eyes to Lu Ganghu. He got up and left the room. He went to the formation of the detachment to join the attack.

	- This operation is a game against time. Begin preparation for the performance immediately.

	- We will be ready within 10 minutes. - Yanagi cheerfully answered the order of Kazama.

	- Can Shiba-kun also come with us?

	- I got it.

	With a response, Tatsuya rose from the chairs.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Prepared by a faction of opponents of the reconciliation of the army of the Great Asian Alliance, the submarine was of the standard type. It was not possible to use an atomic submarine.

	At present, the use of nuclear energy in armaments and military equipment is prohibited by international treaties, and the International Magic Association monitors the existence of such problems. The main application of atomic energy in the field of armament is large ships, but as soon as such a ship with an atomic engine is discovered, the Association immediately begins the process of neutralizing it.

	Nevertheless, the International Magic Association does not have the opportunity to test all the weapons of the world. The borders of many countries are still closed. For all these reasons, it was difficult to realize their plans with the help of an atomic submarine, even practically unrealistic.

	However, the activity of the International Magical Association is an extreme argument. If it is necessary to prevent the use of nuclear weapons, regardless of nationality, it will be permitted to use any means necessary. According to the "Charter of the International Magical Association", all countries, fearful of nuclear weapons, are obliged to follow these rules of their magicians.

	But even if the government does not fear nuclear war, ordinary people are afraid of it. Those governments that ignore the views of their citizens, have the risk of making magicians of the world their enemies.

	Since the "prevention of the use of nuclear weapons" includes a ban on the use of military equipment with nuclear engines, influential countries cannot own nuclear submarines openly. Therefore, the possession of such submarines is carefully concealed, and their use in active operations is extremely limited.

	Hardly anyone can easily obtain evidence of the existence of an atomic submarine in such conditions. Therefore, for such a small fraction - escaped a detachment of deserters, it was impossible to get an atomic submarine.

	Although the submarine involved in the detachment of deserters was of a standard type, it had a modern power supply based on tidal fuel cells, and also an air-independent propulsion system (AIP). Because of the progress in fuel cell technology, it has become possible to use AIP-engines not only as auxiliary power, but also as the main, supplementing the "fuel" of fuel cells-hydrogen and oxygen, if necessary. But for a small-sized vessel, besides fuel, there is a need for other frequent replenishments of resources.

	For example, the replenishment of torpedoes spent in yesterday's operation. Therefore, the hidden entrance to the dock the day before the main events was simply necessary.

	... With an understanding of all this, Johnson could not hide his disappointment. Yesterday's operation was completely meaningless. By the morning of the next day, this thought was becoming stronger and stronger. Because as a result of the failure of this useless operation, they had to make this unplanned replenishment, which in fact was like a surfacing in the backyard of an enemy. The advantage of the submarine was lost with this failure.

	His discontent was somehow transferred to many deserter soldiers on board and a heavy atmosphere arose between them. It cannot be said that this was the reason, but Johnson had to temporarily split up with the main forces of the detachment of deserters. Therefore, he was waiting for the arrival of the contact boat.

	"Captain-dono, the contact boat has arrived."

	- I got it. I am on my way.

	The boat he was waiting for was moored to the hidden dock, which was made inside the tanker, carving out his entrails. He already noticed her and knew where to go.

	In the improvised dock a small long and narrow two-seater mini-submarine surfaced. In fact, it was a modified and disguised underwater motorcycle, its speed and concealment were good enough. Johnson has already changed into a wetsuit for landing on a sightseeing boat. In order not to turn into confrontation with friendly troops, he decided to move forward as quickly as possible.



	◊ ◊ ◊





The movement of the Australian agent Tatsuya noticed five minutes later. But he did not say anything about this to Kazama.

	The location of the submarine was found. There was no reason to doubt these words of Sanada. They boarded a military amphibious aircraft disguised as a civilian jet, and headed toward the submarine, or rather toward the disguised dock in which it was.

	The submarine has a higher priority. And the location of James J. Johnson is constantly monitored. Excessive information now will only introduce confusion.



	"Five minutes before arrival."

	"Prepare for the landing."

	In response to the report of Sanada, Kazama ordered airborne to be ready at any time. To Chen Xiangshan and Lu Ganghu, he did not issue any special orders. These two have already mastered this type of operation. This was evident from their behavior.

	Sanada remained to fly the plane. Tatsuya, of course, went to storm the submarine. From the side of the Separate Magically-equipped battalion, this time, not only Yanagi, but also Kazama joined the detachment.

	Kazama went into battle for the first time in a long time, and Tatsuya remembered the experience of the jump before the army invading the battle 5 years ago, so they did not experience any discomfort.

	At the speed of a jet plane, they quickly got to the place.

	- I see the goal.

	- Descent!

	Yanagi and his seven subordinates, Lu Ganghu, Chen Xiangshan and his eight subordinates, Tatsuya, Kazama - in such a sequence, they quickly jumped down.

	A detachment of deserters from the Great Asian Alliance could not respond to a sudden collapse of a joint detachment of Japan and the Great Asian Alliance without a parachute on the deck.

	The method of descent with slowing magic at the last moment of the fall is not new. During the Third World such a method was not yet applied, it was accepted into practical use approximately 20 years ago by the armies of the USNA, the New Soviet Union, the Indo-Persian Union and Japan. Five years ago, this tactic was also used to repel an invasion force attack on Okinawa. But even knowing all this, it is difficult to cope with such speed. This time, using the camouflage of the aircraft, the Japanese army, with its skills in this tactic, was able to catch the enemy by surprise.

	In this operation, not only Tatsuya, but Yanagi and the others did not wear mobile suits. Of course, it was impossible to disclose this army of the Great Asian Alliance. Nevertheless, the military clothing they now wore, although it looked like ordinary fabric, but had protective properties at the level of bulletproof vest. The helmet's protection also possessed the strength, capable of stopping a bullet from a sniper rifle, while being completely transparent. Naturally, against a line from a large-caliber machine gun it will not help, and even a shot from an anti-magic rifle of increased power also leaves no prospects. However, other types of small arms cannot penetrate.

	The troops of the Great Asian Alliance, led by Chen Xiangshan, were also clothed in their bullet-proof suits. Lu Ganghu this time was not in the armor of the White Tiger, but in the same in combat clothing as the rest, but his "Steel Qigong" is able to stop even a rifle of increased power.

	As if rivaling each other, Yanagi and Lu Ganghu descended from the deck to the lower level. Tatsuya, along with Kazama, watched what was happening from the rear. According to him, this was not the place where one should climb into the thick of events. Instead, Tatsuya focused on supporting Yanagi's unit, destroying interception systems.

	Using the new information retrieval ability looking at the picture in perspective, he first found and "spread out" one by one all anti-personnel radars. Then he destroyed the inner chambers of the ship. Although all this was not used as a weapon, but during the invasion of the inside of the hidden dock, he destroyed various systems of this ship when they came across his "eye."



	When the control room of the dock, disguised as a tanker, discovered Yanagi and the others, it was already too late for the detachment of the deserters of the Great Asian Alliance.

	- There is no response from the remote fire point!

	The officer responsible for the ship's defensive systems shouted.

	"Use the gas!" - Major Daniel Liu, who crossed from submarine to dock, shouted in a usual orderly tone.

	"But then our allies will fall under him!"

	- Never mind. Stopping violators is more important.

	- There is! ...Useless! The exhaust gas valves do not open! "However, the response of the subordinate only increased his irritation.

	- Hey, what are you waiting for !? Close the partitions! By any means, delay the invasion!

	"The partitions ... do not move!"

	"What happened there!"

	At Liu's cry, none of the people present had an answer.



	In the rear, Tatsuya released his magic.

	... The remotely controlled turret on the path of Yanagi and Lu Ganghu was destroyed.

	Tatsuya freed his magic.

	... The electrical installation of the gas outlet was cut.

	Tatsuya's magic was free.

	... The power line of the electric motors of the partitions was cut off.

	Maybe not as spectacular as the cracking of Fujibayashi or Sanada, but it did not work at the hardware level, which gave the advantage of a longer recovery.

	He did not destroy the hull of the ship directly, but "decomposed" all the insides of the hidden mobile dock.

	- It's enough. - From Kazama, walking next to Tatsuya, came the call to stop. "It seems Yanagi and Colonel Chen have reached their destination." There is no longer any need to risk showing your magic.

	- There is. - Tatsuya nodded at the words of Kazama, and the last "decomposition" broke the assembly of the propeller and the shaft of the submarine.



	Yanagi and Lu Ganghu invaded the dock at the same time. After that, they looked at each other in the eye for a moment. Lu Ganghu jumped to the submarine, and Yanagi ran further along the aisle dock.

	From the other entrance to the dock appeared enemy soldiers. There were not so many enemies. Probably because deserters have a limited number of people, and left the majority on land.

	They also had insufficient weapons. In the Yokohama incident, not only the main forces, but also the penetration unit possessed high-power rifles, and the soldiers who appeared here, except for conventional rifles with bayonets, had nothing.

	In this case, the battle should be simplified by the bulletproof properties of clothing, but Yanagi had no intention of indulging the enemy. He rushed into contact with the enemy ahead of his subordinates. The enemy was not even given time to pull the trigger.

	Assault rifles, apparently, were created for use inside a vessel or building, using a pull-and-pop system to reduce the total length of the handle and with an inner grip for the left hand to eliminate the deflection of the barrel direction.

	The nearest enemy Yanagi struck his hand under his chin. The enemy flew into the air. The height to which it took off will never be possible when struck by physical force alone. Activated at the moment of contact, the Speed Magic acted not only on the chin, but on the whole body, throwing it.

	From two different sides, bayonets rushed towards Yanagi. It seems they did not shoot, afraid to hit their own. This decision, in principle, was not a mistake. However, looking at the result, they did wrong.

	Yanagi approached the right enemy and, grabbing the assault rifle of the enemy by the handle, sharply pulled. Leaning forward, the enemy soldier Yanagi even more pulled forward for the collar, and he sideways leaked to the enemy behind his back. As a result, bayonets pushed the soldiers into each other in the chest. Yanagi added speed, striking the enemy in the back. A cutting scream was heard. After dropping assault rifles with blood-stained bayonets, a moment later, two men fell to the floor.

	Confusion came to the ranks of the enemy. Yanagi was right in the middle of the enemy. If you shoot at him, the bullet is likely to hit the ally. However, if they choose the battle on bayonets, they saw what kind of future awaits them on a bad example, shown just killed comrades.

	They were in the narrow corridor of the hidden dock. There's nothing to be done either. Soldiers detachment of deserters of the Great Asian Alliance, sent to interception, were mistaken in tactics. They crowded together in one place. It was natural to think that you need to take advantage of the number of people, but that was until you had to stop, because the enemy had come to close combat. In addition, Yanagi was followed by his subordinates.

	Suddenly Yanagi crouched down. From a distance, two Yanagi subordinates opened heavy fire from short submachine guns the size of a submachine gun.

	Since the enemies were also in bulletproof vests, it was not their complete destruction. However, the damage received by shots from a distance of three meters was not easy. Thanks to this, Yanagi and his subordinates ascended the final attack and completely suppressed the enemy soldiers in this place.

	The shots came from the exit of the corridor from the side of the submarine.

	- Three, follow me. The rest, cover behind, and get busy with these guys. - Without waiting for the answer of his subordinates, Yanagi moved on down the aisle. Three of the subordinates followed him, and of the remaining four, one remained on Yanagi's orders to bind the recently defeated enemies, and the three began the covering fire.



	The detachment of the Great Asian Alliance, which jumped on the submarine, was divided into two parts. Chen Xiangshan, surrounded by four people, remained on the upper deck, and the remaining five, including Lu Ganghu, penetrated inside. With his physique, Lu Ganghu often had to bend over not to bang his head against the ceiling, but he did not look cramped in the movements, chasing and defeating deserters one by one. Four other fighters did not have the skills of Lu Ganghu, but they were much superior to their former comrades in combat force. In a close submarine, firearms cannot be used freely. But "Steel Qigong" can reflect even bullets of high-power rifles, not to mention ordinary rifles. Lu Ganghu went to the rear of the entrance hatch alone, and four others moved to the nose of the submarine,

	- The takeover of the ship is under control.

	"Is Daniel Liu caught?" - Chen Xiangshan answered the question with Lu Ganghu who came to the connection.

	"No, he was not on board." Bradley Zhang is also not found.

	"Leave the detainees to the others, Captain, return to us immediately."

	- There is.

	It is very likely that Bradley Zhang acted separately from the very beginning. On the other hand, Chen Xiangshan was convinced that Daniel Liu is here. If not on a submarine, then it is in the mobile dock command room.

	"The Japanese must have already reached this place ..."

	Reflecting on this, Chen Xiangshan was not at all nervous. The main instigator of the sabotage, Daniel Liu, and commander of the advanced lines, Bradley Zhang. If you catch these two, then, of course, all the plans of the faction of opponents of reconciliation will collapse. However, Chen Xiangshan did not care to catch Liu with his own hands. After all, it did not matter when the main goals were achieved, namely stopping diversion and catching a detachment of deserters.



	Kazama and Tatsuya headed for the bridge of the ship disguised as a tanker. Initially, they planned to go to the dock where the submarine was placed, but after receiving a message from Yanagi that the opponents were less than expected, they decided to take control of the mobile dock. Kazama changed direction, and Tatsuya followed him without asking anything.

	They were both students of Yakumo, but their relationship was not like that of close friends. It's not that they achieved any kind of harmony, but it seemed, under the influence of one master, they formed a similar mindset, so that one could understand the intentions of the other without words.

	Internal cameras and other surveillance equipment were recently destroyed. The bridge is now blind. Even if the enemy commander wants to escape, a natural procedure for him now will be to send people to the reconnaissance.

	Tatsuya and Kazama have already met two groups of two people, four scouts in total. The enemy soldiers coming in front did not notice Tatsuya and Kazama. Tatsuya was sure that he also somehow became invisible. Bypassing the opponents one by one, he did not remember that he knew the technique with which he could escape detection by other people.

	"This is one of the" Technician Tengu ", developed by Kiichi Hogen," Cloak of invisibility "? This technique is somewhat reminiscent of the" Hiding Mantle, "ancient magic from Europe."

	Kiichi Hogen was a famous exorcist from the legend, who stole knowledge (learned?) Of Minamoto-no Yoshitsune's military art, and was also known as a kenjutsu master, the founder of the ancient style of the sword Kyohati-ryu. ["The style of the eight capitals"]

	However, with the recognition of the real existence of magic, another list has been added to the list of legends about Kiichi Hogen.

	In his relations with Minamoto no Yoshitsune, Kiichi Hogen from ancient times was identified with Kurama Tengu. [Tengu is a mythological ugly being with a red face and a long nose, something like a goblin, Kurama is a mountain, i.e. verbatim Goblin from Mount Kurama]

	The art of kenjutsu Yoshitsune taught Kurama Tengu, and martial arts - Kiichi Hogen. If you look from the point of view of Yoshitsune, then it will be natural to consider these two as one person.

	But why was Kurama "Tengu"? Kurama is understandable. The monk from Mount Kurama taught Minamoto the art of the sword, which later became the beginning of the Kyohati-ryu style. But none of this leads to the notion of "Tengu".

	According to the theory put forward by the researchers of the history of magic, Kiichi Hoheng was called Tengu, because he systematized the art of exorcism for use against people, he invented the "Tengu-jutsu" [Tengu Techniques], later presented as "Ninjutsu" [Secrecy Techniques]. This thesis received many supporters and is now accepted as an established theory.

	Kazama practiced these Techniques Tengu even before he became a disciple of Yakumo. From this ancient magic, and the nickname of Kazama "Daitengu" [Big Tengu] happened. Despite the fact that he learned many techniques of ninjutsu from Yakumo, the main weapon and strength of Kazama is still "Tengu-jutsu".

	The magic that prevents detection, "Cloak of invisibility" - one of the characteristic representatives of magic from "Tengu-jutsu". She looked like an innate magic (BS-magic) It Haruki.

	Do not see the visible. Do not hear the audible. Avoid seeing. And do not notice that he escaped.

	Instead of changing light or sound waves, it invades consciousness and makes the enemy think that you are not there.

	The power of concealing presence is inferior to Ono Haruka's similar inborn ability. However, "Cloak of invisibility" of "Tengu-jutsu" cannot be found by any of his current companions, even Tatsuya himself.

	The range of magic coverage depends on the skill of the operator. Kazama could hide up to four people, including himself.

	Tatsuya was not seen by the scouts of the enemy precisely because of the "Cloak of Invisibility" of Kazama.

	They approached the entrance to the bridge room. It was the control room [giving orders], not the steering room. Even with a tanker-looking tanker, the internal structure resembled the characteristics of warships.

	Kazama opened the door to the control room. The head of the detachment of the deserters of the Great Asian Alliance, who was inside, turned to the sound, but when he saw Kazama, he turned away, as if losing interest.

	- Report the situation! Hey, hey! ... It's useless, major donor. It looks like the intercept unit was destroyed.

	- Those who remain on the submarine also do not answer. I think we need to run by ourselves.

	Three people remained in the control room. Others were sent to the dock or, as now, to scout. Unfortunately, Tatsuya did not know what they were talking about, but Kazama understood Chinese. The view of Kazama gave Tatsuya a sign that he was sure that these three were the leaders of the detachment plotting the diversion.

	"Decomposition" Tatsuya has made holes in the bodies of the officers of the detachment of deserters from the Great Asian Alliance. Both shoulders, both hips - 4 points for each person. Summoning magic at the same time for 12 targets, Tatsuya instantly neutralized the enemy leaders.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Captain Johnson was still at sea when the troops of Kazama and Chen Xiangshan completed the operation of taking control of the submarine and the disguised dock. Arriving at the meeting point until noon, he descended from the mini-submarine into the sea and surfaced in a wet suit. Seeing that there, as expected, an anchored ship was disguised as a private yacht, Johnson gave an unpleasant sigh of relief.

	His partner, Captain Jasmine Williams, was waiting on board.

	"Jas!" Something happened?

	According to the plan, she had to wait in the shelter on the island of Kuma. Jasmine was not such a person who would back away from the plan on a personal whim. Johnson asked about the reasons for changing plans with a serious face, not giving himself the reason to joke.

	- Do not you know? ... No, you do not seem to know. - From Jasmine's response, Johnson's unpleasant premonition grew stronger. Unfortunately, it was not an unnecessary fear. - The main forces of tomorrow's operation are captured by the Japanese army. Therefore, I want to hold a meeting as soon as possible to organize everything from the very beginning.

	Johnson only thought for a short time, less than a second.

	"... Understood." I'm going to change my clothes.

	"I'm waiting in the dining room."

	Watching the departed Jasmine, Johnson went to the cabin, appointed locker room.



	In the dining room (the mess-room) Jasmine was waiting at the table and one of the leaders of the detachment of deserters from the Great Asian Alliance, Bradley Zhang.

	Zhang often looked at Jasmine, apparently because he could not believe in her real personality.

	Jasmine tried to avoid other members of the detachment of deserters, except Liu. The meeting with Zhang was inevitable, because Liu was captured.

	Today, Zhang first saw her face. Naturally, with her 12-13-year-old appearance, it's hard to convince him that she is a magician in the rank of captain.

	The place where they waited, though called the dining room, but there was only a mini-kitchen and a small table with chairs. The giant Zhang here seemed to be very crowded, but there was not even a hint of complaint on his part. As with Johnson.

	"They were caught, was it an inspection?" The mobile dock was supposed to be in international waters.

	- This is not an inspection. I do not know the details, but it seems that it was an illegal surprise attack.

	- Piracy by the regular army! Johnson spat in anger.

	"It's not for us to condemn the Japanese army in this regard." "Jasmine did not reassure him, but said to look at what they themselves did."

	"... Do you know anything else?" "A little calming down," Johnson asked in a more subdued tone.

	- It seems that the search party of the Great Asian Alliance also participated in the attack.

	- I knew that the Japanese army cooperated with the army of the Great Asian Alliance, it's bad. Does this mean that there was a leak of information about tomorrow's operation?

	- The other party also decided to resort to illegal operations. I have no doubt that they are now resorting to truth serum. "There was no reproach or disgust in Jasmine's words. Brainwashing and torture were not unusual for her, specializing in covert operations. - That is, the operation itself, has already failed.

	In the current operation, the Australian army plays the role of a reserve in the faction of opponents of reconciliation of the Great Asian Alliance. They had to remain a direct physical support, but now the Jasmine and Johnson pair is the only available fighting force.

	They did not plan to participate as the basis of the force in the sabotage operation. In an agreed plan, Australia supported a faction of opponents of reconciliation, provided that the main task is to monitor the situation to the last, and intervene only in the event of unforeseen circumstances.

	Of course, the Australian army did not forbid to engage in battle completely. If they did not want a battle, they would not send these two. This intention reflected British influence, without it Australia would not have gone to these actions.

	Nevertheless, Australia will not try to seize the operation with a low chance of success. This time Australia acts as a secret ally of Britain, which organized this operation, planning to stop Japan's growing global presence.

	- The operation must be carried out. It will be a vain sacrifice if we stop now. - But Bradley Zhang's position was different. He insisted on conducting sabotage at any cost.

	Naturally, Zhang had such a point of view. They deserted from the army of Hong Kong, part of the Great Asian Alliance and engaged in this operation.

	It's no secret that Hong Kong is under the political influence of Britain. And yet the country to which they belong, is still the Great Asian Alliance.

	Zhang cannot return to Hong Kong, there he is already considered a criminal. The punishment that awaits him there, as a highly qualified combat magician, will at best be in the form of heavy correctional labor, but more likely he will be turned into a puppet soldier with brainwashing ... that is, degradation to the state of a living weapon without free will.

	Although brainwashing leads to a deterioration in magical skills, and despite the fact that the variety of magic worsens, the army of the Great Asian Alliance has put into practice the brainwashing for obtaining soldiers with absolute obedience. This technology was derived from magic (or better call it occultism) by Gu Jie through the organization of the No-Head Dragon.

	For a magician, turning into such a puppet is equivalent to the death penalty. Deprived of free will, a thing that will be used and thrown out when it breaks down. And a person does not even have the mind to realize his suffering, this horror is stronger than the death penalty.

	The only way left for Zhang is to successfully sabotage and abolish the peace treaty with Japan. He will turn the crime into a feat. Even if you cannot rehabilitate the faction of opponents of reconciliation with this achievement, you can try to get asylum in Britain or Australia as a reward for the success of sabotage. He will not have a future if the operation is unsuccessful during the tomorrow's party in honor of the discovery of an artificial island. Therefore, he could not agree with the cancellation of the operation.

	"But we lost the submarine, which is the main force of the operation."

	As Jasmine noted, tomorrow's operation consisted in the fact that Zhang with a detached detachment distracts the attention of the guard, while the attack from the submarine follows from the sea. In addition, it was not planned to launch a direct attack with missiles or torpedoes, but secret dispatch of agents who, having approached, would install bombs on the pontoons holding the island afloat.

	"There is still a small boat left." In principle, because you just need to get under water imperceptibly. The presence of a submarine is not absolutely necessary for the operation.

	- Will it work out?

	- In our detachment there were magicians who are well versed in underwater activities. Although our number has decreased, this will not be an obstacle to the operation.

	After listening to Zhang's confident speech, Jasmine looked at Johnson.

	- We cannot make a decision on our own. Please give me time to contact your country. Instead of Jasmine Johnson, he suggested to Zhang. It was not an attempt to delay time. It was an indisputable fact that you need to get permission from Australia.

	"... I understand you." I expect a good answer. - Zhang also understood this. Suppressing his haste, he nodded.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Johnson contacted his senior officer via wireless communication, aiming the radio wave at the British military communications satellite. It was unnecessary to say that the communication channel was protected from listening. However, unfortunately for him, even now his message was intercepted by the Japanese army.

	"Senior Lieutenant Fujibayashi, good work."

	"Thank you, Commander."

	Fujibayashi's second name, Electron Sorceress, was obtained mainly for the hacker's ingenious skills, but also reflected her magician skills. She is a skilful user of the magic of systems of scattering, concentration and oscillation, by which she interferes with the electromagnetic signal. Instead of using an electromagnetic wave as a means of attack or intelligence, this "sorceress" specializes in magic interfering with communication, whether wireless or wired. The optical coupling is also included in the area of its influence, since it is still ultimately converted to an electrical signal. In addition, Fujibayashi has special skills not only to intercept the actual connection, but also data from rewritable and erasable magnetic, electronic and optical media.

	Despite the fact that there are messages that it cannot decipher, there are practically no messages that it cannot intercept. The satellite communication session of Captain Johnson also entered the receiver of the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion with the help of the magic of Fujibayashi.

	"Sanada, did you decrypt it?"

	- Yes. The cipher was not so complicated.

	Sanada could crack most of those ciphers that were difficult even for Fujibayashi. Sanada is not only excellent in magical engineering, but also an expert in cryptography.

	"And what does it say?"

	- A question was asked whether the operation scheduled for tomorrow should be stopped. The Australian army postponed the response.

	"Seeing their position, I would be grateful if they would continue ..."

	If Tatsuya were here, he would dispute the words of Kazama. For him, the incident was far from over. However, from the point of view of Kazama, some victims are inevitable for obtaining a favorable result, no, rather, he believed that these were the necessary costs to achieve the goal. A detachment of deserters from the Great Asian Alliance has already lost the ability to be active. Kazama and his entourage analyzed this situation. The probability that they will be able to replenish their forces during the day is zero. It is predicted that even if they decide to conduct a sabotage, they will not cause much damage.

	- And if they slipped a fake answer ... No, it's impossible.

	Sanada with a smile of regret replied to the murmur of Kazama:

	- Substitution of communication flow is technically possible. However, it is difficult to block from reading the real answer.

	- Really.

	Because Kazama himself understood this, he cut short his thought halfway. In addition, the enemy did not have time to organize a false signal.

	- The response of the Australian army came. - Still thinking about the possible deception of Kazama Fujibayashi reported on the interception of the message.

	"And what do they say?"

	It was once deciphered code. As expected, the same encryption key was used, so automatic machine decryption was possible.

	- Yes, it says: "It is allowed to continue the operation tomorrow." To successfully complete the assignment, cooperate with the faction of opponents of reconciliation from the Great Asian Alliance. "

	- I see. Yanagi. - Having answered "Is", Yanagi came up from the corner of the room. - Inform Chen Xiangshan about this and form a detachment with him. I entrust you with the details of the interception.

	- I got it. - Having given honor to Kazama, Yanagi left the room. His gait was a bit easier than usual.

	"Despite everything, Australia seems to be self-confident. Maybe they have some new weapons? Sanada turned to Kazama in a tone that did not feel serious.

	- No, I do not think that they will achieve serious success. - However, the answer of Kazama contained no signs that he took it as a joke.

	- True?

	- I also think that this was a somewhat irresponsible order, hoping for a serious success. As the situation worsened for them, if they really wanted to succeed in the sabotage, they would send detailed instructions on the strategy. - In response to a question from Sanada, Fujibayashi expressed her own assumptions. Fujibayashi's answer was close to the thoughts of Kazama.

	- Such thinking is for the big bosses who usually stand behind such matters. In addition, instructions issued from afar often will not match the situation on the ground, and management always wants to control the situation as accurately as possible. - Kazama, speaking with sarcasm, had in mind a more general case, applicable not only to the military. Due to the fact that he was treated with a cool attitude because of false accusations of arbitrary actions, even if he was eventually promoted to rank, he still had a tendency to make vicious expressions with respect to his superiors. Naturally, given that they will not hear it.

	- And vice versa, when no specific instructions are given, it often means foreseeing failure and unwillingness to take responsibility. In our case, it seems, it happened.

	- The commander's opinion can be understood, but do not you think that if the operation is considered to be failed beforehand, then they will expose their agents to danger? - With a person who does not agree with Kazama, Sanada expressed his opinion.

	- Naturally, I understand this. My opinion is that the Australian army thinks that everything is in order.

	Sanada could not hide his surprise at this bold conclusion.

	"Will they just throw their magician agents away?"

	In contrast to the surprised Sanada, Kazama nodded with an unflappable face.

	"If they really did not want to lose their magicians, they would not have put them on such a dangerous operation." This is not just what is called a big risk. It's like walking on a rope without a safety net.

	- They were considered one-time garbage from the very beginning ...? - The voice of Fujibayashi, who asked instead Sanada, who was speechless, was trembling slightly.

	"Suppose a magician appeared in the USNA, who was recognized as an immediate threat to Japan. Would you send Tatsuya alone to the USNA?

	- No ... at least I think that you need to organize enough support. Fujibayashi nodded understandingly in response to the specific example given.

	- Are there any shortcomings in abilities, or in physical terms ... They were assigned to a mission of penetration. I think, although they are competent, but I think their loss will not be pitied.

	Kazama picked up the tablet terminal from the table. It was the same one used during the meeting with Tatsuya on the second floor of the steak house. He called on the screen the same thing as at that moment. A photograph of a mustached man and a girl 12-13 years old in a straw hat.

	- For example. What if the look of this "girl" was not due to taking medications, but because of a genetic anomaly that appeared as a side effect of the adjustment?

	- Commander, this is ... - The phrase "side effect of adjustment" paralyzed the language of Fujibayashi.

	"It's only a guess." But do not you think that this is possible?

	- And the truth. - Instead of Fujibayashi, Sanada became again the opponent of Kazama. - Very much can be. Moreover, it is not surprising that, if this is an improved magician, her body can burn at any time. The likelihood that Australia conducts research, similar to the said commander, is very high.

	After Sanada's conclusion, there were no more comments.



	Chapter 6





	Finally, it was March 28.

	Miyuki's public affairs as heiress of the Yotsuba family ended yesterday. For today, it is planned to attend the party at the invitation of a friend, and Tatsuya should go with her for the company.

	... This is an official timetable.

	However, the main task for today is the work entrusted to the current head of the Yotsuba family. Initially, the job entrusted was to contribute to the successful holding of the party, stopping the sabotage.

	- Miyuki-sama arranged an arrangement for her presence at the party, but now it has become unnecessary. - Shirakawa, the butler with a soft smile, sent by the head of the Yotsuba family, said.

	He has the 6th rank among 8 butlers and is not in the top three with access to Yotsuba's secrets.

	However, these were secrets, except for the head of the family, only a handful of people from the main and secondary families, rank 1 among the butlarians - Hayama, rank 2 - Hanabishi, rank 3 - Kurebayashi, as well as engineers associated with the central object of the former Fourth Laboratory. But this did not mean that from the 4th rank, butlers, including Shirakawa, did not know the facts about the rest of Yotsuba's activity, hidden from the world.

	Shirakawa also had the necessary knowledge to support the fulfillment of the mission. That's why he was sent here.

	"However, it is difficult to judge whether Tatsuya-sama's participation in the party is necessary or not.

	Tatsuya could not blame Shirakawa for lack of attention, as the main representative of the reinforcements sent. After all, Miyuki is looking forward to Tatsuya accompanying her there, so he was a little upset.

	"I'm sure that the enemy's activities will be extremely limited, because this time we know when and where their target is." Support is also good.

	These were arrogant words. But these were Tatsuya's real thoughts. However, not only Miyuki, but Minami and Shirakawa knew that these arrogant words did not carry pride in themselves.

	Knowing the attacked object and not taking any measures, the enemy will be able to defeat by force only if the defense forces are limited. This does not apply to the present case. Since there was no need to look for where the enemy was hiding, it was easy for Tatsuya.

	Tatsuya and the rest were now on a yacht prepared by the Yotsuba family. Immediately after the incident of Yokohama, predicting that the work at sea will be greater, the second rank among the butlers of the main house Hanabishi ordered it at the Nagasaki shipyard, and arrived yesterday in Okinawa for assistance in the current mission. Looking like a yacht for leisure, it was a "wolf in sheep's clothing," a high-speed ship stuffed with equipment for battles.

	- We leave.

	This time, at the helm was Shirakawa. Both Tatsuya and Minami were technically able to manage, but only Shirakawa had a license to operate small vessels capable of entering the open sea, at a time when Tatsuya was not due to age restrictions.

	In addition, Tatsuya should focus on intercepting the enemy, and Minami should always be next to Miyuki as an escort at the party. Shirakawa's management was a natural choice.

	- Good.

	After Miyuki gave her permission, Shirakawa started the engine of a fast boat disguised as a yacht. The departure was so soft that there was no movement at all.

	Three days ago the ship, borrowed from the army by Joseph, was convenient, but this fast boat was more comfortable.

	Apparently, this was achieved with the help of some magical trick. The ship itself was a magical device, similar to a weapon with integrated CAD. Tatsuya with his perception found another servant Yotsuba, who, apparently, got on board as an engineer to activate the magic, relieving the pitching and vibration.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	An ordinary plane from the main island of Okinawa to the island of Kume flies about three hours, but the speed boat reached the port in the east of the island in two hours.

	"At maximum speed we would have reached an hour, but I chose the movement with maximum comfort." Said the butler of Shirakawa.

	They did not go directly to the artificial island "Saikashin", but arrived on the island of Kume, because the party will begin in the evening, and now there is still no noon.

	- Miyuki.

	- Tatsuya-san!

	Shizuku and Honoka were waiting in the port. Miyuki informed them in advance about the planned time of arrival.

	- Honoka, Shizuku. Did you come to meet us?

	Miyuki did not tell Tatsuya that she had sent a message to the two. Although for him the appearance of Honoka and Shizuku was unexpected, but he was not surprised. Perhaps because he was thinking about such an opportunity? Or unconsciously thought that this does not affect his work? At least he did not think about Honoka and Shizuku that "it does not matter whether they need it or not."

	"Have you two already had lunch?" If not, how about joining us?

	Here he got to the point, because they themselves wanted to say it.

	- Of course! Certainly! With joy!

	"Honoka, you're overexcited." ... We also were going to have a snack.

	Tatsuya hardly smiled noticeably, looking at the ready dance with the enthusiasm of Honoka, and embarrassed by the unexpected offer of Shizuku. It was a kind smile, and not that ironic expression with a tight smile, which he used to demonstrate from the first days after admission to high school.



	On the advice of Honoka, they took the "Shrimp hamburgers." Honoka justified her choice by the fact that the party will be in the style of receiving guests with a buffet with expensive food, so it's better to eat something simple in the daytime. There were hamburgers with shrimps of two kinds of frying, fries and saute. Five people (Tatsuya, Miyuki, Honoka, Shizuku and Minami) took one hamburger, cut it into pieces, and tried food that is hard to get in Tokyo.

	"By the way, Tatsuya-san, where are you going to change?"

	For dessert thereafter, there was the Okinawa zenzay (shredded syrup with grated ice), during which Shizuku asked Tatsuya while looking at Miyuki. Shizuku was probably worried that they, staying at a hotel on the main island of Okinawa, nowhere to change clothes. It was really a topical issue.

	- If you want, there is a beauty salon nearby.

	- Thank you. But everything is in order. We change our clothes on the yacht.

	However, for Miyuki everything was already provided. Although not as good as in a beauty salon, but on a yacht (a disguised speedboat), a cabin with a full-length mirror and accessories for make-up was allocated for this business. So she could go to the party right from the ship.

	Tatsuya felt anxious, is this enough when he heard this question.

	"Miyuki, why do not you accept Shizuku's offer, because she tried for us."

	Tatsuya believed that Miyuki is incomparable in beauty and without makeup specialists. And also thought that if the expert is unprofessional, it can even spoil the charm of Miyuki. Because of this subconscious thought, he did not even think of reserving a place in the beauty salon on the main island of Okinawa or on the island of Kuma.

	However, the specialist who hired Shizuku is unlikely to be a "layman". Most likely it will be a first-class specialist, who at least somehow, but can still improve the image.

	Miyuki felt Tatsuya's unconscious mind.

	"If Tatsuya-sama says so, then ... can I ask that?"

	- Yeah, good. - Without showing any irritation, Shizuku answered Miyuki, who had rejected her previous words. - Minami too.

	Hearing an unexpected name in Shizuku's speech, spoken in an address to Miyuki, Minami looked at Tatsuya.

	"It would be nice to take care of Minami too."

	Pushed by his principle of necessity to give an immediate answer, Minami with the words "Yes, please," bowed to Shizuku.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	At 2 pm Tatsuya took a taxi to Miyuki's and Minami's dresses at the hotel where Shizuku stopped. And when the preparation was over, Miyuki contacted him two hours before the party, at 16:30. The waiting time was unexpectedly short. Quicker than expected, Miyuki returned from a first-class stylist who prepared the proper image for the party to. No, better to say, not ashamed of the beauty of Miyuki, he showed his talent. It can be said that managing at two and a half hours is a pretty quick result.

	However, also the fact is that there is not much time left. Having met Miyuki with Minami, Tatsuya decided to go immediately.

	In addition, Shizuku and Honoka said that they plan to go to the venue of the party by helicopter. The artificial island "Saikasin" was built 30 kilometers west of the island of Kume. The helicopter will fly there for 10 minutes. These two (especially Honoka) were persistently called to go together by helicopter.

	Indeed, with the presence of a helicopter, you do not have to worry. However, for the convenience of his present work, Tatsuya could not accept the offer of Honoka and Shizuku. Miyuki cannot act separately from Tatsuya, Minami's job is to protect Miyuki. In such circumstances, these three led by Tatsuya returned to their fleet and headed for an artificial island.

	When Miyuki and Minami were preparing for the party, Tatsuya did not sit around too. He visited a military base in the north of the island, where he met with Kazama and gave him the latest data on the location of James J. Johnson, obtained by the "Elemental Sight." After the meeting, he flew around the artificial island on the reconnaissance aircraft of the Air Force, checking the situation both with his own eyes and with his "eyes."

	He returned to the eastern port at 4 pm. He quickly changed into a costume for a party and went to pick up Miyuki with Minami.

	This compressed schedule was tiresome for Tatsuya. Although it would be a little easier, if there was not lunch with Honoka and Shizuku, but he was not going to complain about it. And the fact that he was able to finally take a breath when the boat went off was not a sham.

	Tatsuya took off his jacket, hung it on the hanger, and sat in a chair in the cabin. Although it was not a sofa, the chair was with a soft high and wide headboard back, giving a feeling of complete comfort.

	For a moment, the thought came to his mind that the suit might have been wrinkled, another change of clothes would be a problem. But he stayed in the chair.



	"Onii-sama?"

	No one answered the knock. Surprised that there was no answer to either the knock or the voice, Miyuki carefully opened the door.

	- Oh! Involuntarily making a surprised sound, Miyuki covered her mouth with both hands. It was not noticeable that Tatsuya woke up. Relieved, putting her hand to her chest, Miyuki entered Tatsuya's cabin, trying not to make noise.

	To see this defenseless sleeping face was happiness for Miyuki. She knows. Even during a strong sleep Tatsuya feels signs of activity around him. Even in a dream, he is always ready for battle.

	He still has not woken up just because he does not consider Miyuki an enemy in every sense of the word. This was evidence that Tatsuya fully trusts Miyuki and sees no reason to defend himself against her.

	Miyuki advanced further, closer to Tatsuya.

	Looking back, she was convinced that the door was tightly closed. Still worrying, she looked around several times, then calmed down, as if realizing what her behavior looked like from the outside. Closing her eyes and putting her hands to her chest, she regained her breath. Opening her eyes, holding the hair with one hand and the edge of the skirt with the other hand, Miyuki slowly brought her face closer to Tatsuya.

	Two days before the competition of dissertations, in October of the year before last. Late in the evening two days before that incident of Yokohama. Remembering her failure in a similar situation when her hand slipped, Miyuki supported her body, not touching the handrail chair on which Tatsuya sat.

	Meanwhile,

	Lips of Miyuki approached Tatsuya's lips.

	There was still no sign that Tatsuya was awake.

	The distance was even less than when the breath starts to mix,

	Probably less than a millimeter remained.

	Miyuki, closed her eyes tightly,

	And suddenly turned around, ran away from the cabin Tatsuya, blushing to the ears.





	◊ ◊ ◊



	Saikashin has an underwater mining plant on the ocean floor, and itself is an octagon of the right form, floating afloat on 12 cylindrical pontoons, and also having 4 pipes as a route for lifting the ore. The artificial island platform itself is a five-layered structure divided into residential areas, among which there is a luxury hotel for the guests of the island.

	Today's party will take place in the banquet hall of the hotel, located in the first layer on the top ("floor") of the platform. 30 minutes before the opening ceremony, invited guests one by one gathered in the lobby in front of the banquet hall.

	- ... I'm sure I will not be unnecessary here? - Sayaka said, looking at the crowd of gentlemen and ladies in expensive clothes and with expensive accessories, which showed their high social status, although she did not understand this.

	- Everything is fine. Mibu-san, you really are.

	- Is it true?

	Even Azusa's words were not convincing for her, Sayaka nervously fingered the tip of her stole. [cape on the shoulders, such as a scarf]

	- Excessive experiences, Sayaka. As you can see, there are other students besides us. In addition, this party is not the main event of this trip. You need to discard superfluous thoughts and come off to the fullest.

	"D-really." "Sayaka finally calmed down when she heard words of enthusiasm from Kanon. As Kanon said, in the lobby everywhere you could see young people aged 20-25 years, as well as girls who look like their peers.

	Suddenly, Sayaka's and Kanon's eyes attracted their cohays, descending the stairs to the lobby.

	- Chiyoda-sempai, Mibu-senpai, you came early.

	Careful not to disturb the rest of the guests, Honoka approached them and spoke to them.

	Approached with her, Shizuku bowed slightly.

	"Mitsui-san, Kitai-san, have you come together?"

	Kanon group was invited on behalf of the Isori family, Kanon herself accompanies the groom, and the remaining five are friends of Isori. However, in the case of Shizuku, her parents were originally invited guests, and Honoka and Shizuku - their escort. Therefore, when entering the venue, they should not be separated from their parents.

	"No, over there." - As always, the laconic Shizuku showed the direction with a glance. In the place where Shizuku was looking, there was a high school student and a married couple from China, Ushio and Benio, who exchanged greetings with famous politicians, whom Kanon also knew.

	- It's amazing. - Azusa's conversation, which stood next to them, was delighted.

	"This man was quite an outstanding politician, after all?" That one who came up to say hello from the other side ... - In the voice of Kanon was heard not only the impression, but also surprise.

	"Are you saying something remarkable?" This is one of the senior ministers. He is a very influential person from the family associated with JSDF, but there's nothing to worry about. - Said in a whisper unknown when the Isori came up.

	The family of Ushio does not belong to any company directly related to weapons. However, the corporate group of the Ushio family holds a large share in the production of intermediate goods for weapons, from bullets to fighters. Since the production of ammunition for the internal needs of the army is not the main activity, then losing the favor of Benio Ushio, the supply of the army could be stalled, and sales could be transferred to civilian use or exports. The expression "do not worry" used by Isori, one might say, reflected this state of affairs.

	"In that case, we too will go greet them."

	"Whom?"

	"Both sides, of course." - Pushing Kanon from behind, Isori went to Ushio, Benio and the politician talking with them.

	"Do not worry so much." - Sayaka and Azusa watched the back of the departing couple with their eyes, and, whispered in a whisper to Shizuku, blinked continuously, like a dove, caught off guard by a shot from a toy gun. Even if they do not go to the greeting now, there is still Shizuku. Even after the party starts, there will be plenty of opportunities for conversation. As a result, a serious expression appeared on the faces of these two people.

	Outwardly looking calm, Isori was far from complete self-control.

	"Honoka, what's wrong?" - Shizuku, in turn, has not yet seen how Isori's affairs are there. She talked with Honoka, who kept looking around uneasily around the lobby. Nevertheless, she knew, without asking who was looking for Honoka.

	"Tatsuya-san, it seems, has not come yet?"

	- Exactly. As soon as Miyuki's group arrives, everyone will understand this at once. - Shizuku had in mind "you forgot about Miyuki and Minami," but her words never reached Honoka.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	At the time when Honoka expressed her excitement, the speedboat with the Tatsuya group had long arrived at the port of the artificial island. Miyuki did not appear in the lobby, because she did not like being surrounded. Covered with many mysteries, Yotsuba Princess is of considerable interest among the masses, who will strive to communicate with her. And Miyuki's astounding appearance will only exacerbate this situation.

	Tatsuya did not approach the venue for another reason. He was heading for the newly opened underground shopping center of the artificial island. Full-value sales in all stores will begin next month with the start of the mining subsea plant, but some souvenir shops and convenience stores have already been opened.

	He found James J. Johnson in front of a well-known store that had offices all over the country. Johnson changed his hair and eye color, and also shaved his mustache. In addition, with the help of the book, he changed the look of his body. However, Tatsuya's "look" does not deceive. He initially did not find with ordinary eyes, but with "Eyes of Spirits" fixed and read the location.

	The enemy also had to understand Tatsuya's approach. In particular, because Tatsuya was not at all hiding. Nevertheless, one could say that the absence of even a little nervousness was a good sign.

	With Johnson was a girl looking for 12-13 years. Red hair and green eyes. The colors differed from those shown by Kazama in the photo. But Tatsuya would never be mistaken, although she was wearing clothes that slightly increased her visual growth, and she also changed the image very much, changing her hair.

	The girl looked up. Her and Tatsuya's eyes met.

	- I apologize. With a slight bow, Tatsuya turned to Johnson. - Today we are holding a private party, so ... I would advise curious glances to stay away.

	"No, please do not worry about it." Johnson answered in a nervous voice and tried to hurry away from Tatsuya. However, Tatsuya could not let them go away just like that.

	- Mistress, also accept my apologies. Such treatment in relation to the lady is unacceptable. I apologize. - Looking at the girl ... Captain Jasmine Williams directly in the eye, he made a formal apology, which is not used in communicating with children.

	"... Thank you for being courteous." In fact, do not worry about it. - he answered the girl with her high, firm voice to her appearance and bowed. After that, Johnson and Jasmine turned and left.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Having made sure that behind Tatsuya entered the store, Johnson quickened his pace. Jasmine had to run a little to keep his pace, but he did not slow down. Johnson calmed down only when they turned a corner and left the line of sight of the store. But he was still walking, just dropping the speed to normal for Jasmine.

	After reaching the blind spot in the surveillance cameras, Johnson stopped. Johnson and Jasmine quickly looked around. After making sure that there was no one, they opened the door to the ladder for the workforce in advance with a prepared key and went inside. After that they, Johnson very deeply, and Jasmine slightly, sighed.

	But this relaxation was only for a moment.

	- Jas.

	- What?

	- How do we notice ... in your opinion?

	- No idea. - On a nervous voice Johnson's question, Jasmine shook her head with a serious face.

	- There were no signs of persecution. There are no signs of using magic either ...

	The voice of Jasmine was unexpectedly messy.

	"Jay, there were no signs of using magic?" We did not do anything, did we?

	Jasmine called Johnson a friendly name, not a military appeal, as usual. This was a sign that she was in a state of confusion.

	"Jas, what happened?"

	Jasmine is one year younger than Johnson. But now in his eyes she was helpless, corresponding to her appearance, a girl.

	- I do not know ... There was no sign of magic. There was no sense of magic attack. So why? Why did this feeling of anxiety arise? What is this eerie feeling when suddenly you realize yourself with a rope wrapped around your neck, tightening all the same?

	"Jas, calm down."

	In truth, Johnson already had a memory of the feeling that Jasmine felt right now. Hearing her words about the "tight loop", he remembered the shock that he himself experienced at that time. However, he somehow managed to suppress the feeling of anxiety and calm the trembling, after which, making the most fearless expression, looked Jasmine in the eye.

	"I did not see anything done to you either." At least this guy did not even touch you with a finger.

	Jasmine's breathless breathing slowly returned to normal.

	"... I'm sorry." This is an unusual disorder for me. This Yotsuba magician looked as if he understood too much.

	- Yes. Undoubtedly this guy felt some mystery.

	Jasmine relaxed slightly, because she thought Johnson was joking. However Johnson was absolutely serious.

	"Jas, will we stop this time?"

	Jasmine took several seconds to understand the meaning of these words.

	"... Do not say nonsense." The order for the resolution of active actions has already been obtained.

	"I deliberately said that." This mission ... is dangerous. - Johnson hinted at the refusal of the mission.

	"Captain Johnson, these words are drawn to a military tribunal."

	"It's just us." This means that we ourselves are the ones who make decisions in this operation. If a serious deterioration of the situation is expected, we, at our discretion, may decide to evacuate.

	- This is only in case the fatal situation is predicted with high accuracy! Nothing so specific has happened yet.

	"Is this an ordinary magical fight in our mind !?" This is a secret battle between magicians. It is not known what kind of threat can wait!

	- All the same is in normal work! This is not an excuse to run away!

	Johnson and Jasmine stared at each other. The first person to look away was Johnson.

	"... I'm sorry." I do not know what came over me.

	"... This time I'll pretend that I have not heard anything."

	Jasmine accepted the apology of Johnson, who admitted his mistake.

	- Yes. ... It's time to return? The party will begin soon. That guy is probably gone.

	- Let's go to.

	Johnson walked up the stairs to the aisle and headed for the other door. Jasmine, who was following him, tried to suppress her own desire to abandon the mission, which she undoubtedly felt, too.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Tatsuya bought mineral water from the store and returned to Miyuki waiting on the yacht. He did not want to drink. Simply, he considered that leaving the store without buying anything would look unnatural.

	- Onii-sama, is it time to go to the venue?

	When Tatsuya left the yacht alone, he said that he would return when the time came to go to the party. But he suddenly shook his head at Miyuki's question.

	- A little time still remains? Give me five minutes.

	"It's okay ... Really, Onii-sama?"

	The reason he returned to the ship. Probably that the third party did not leave his observation. Reflecting on this, Miyuki realized that Tatsuya was going to do from the phrase "do not escape from observation."

	"I'll call you when the time comes."

	- Thank you.

	After answering the suggestion of Miyuki, who had understood everything, Tatsuya went into his cabin.



	Although Miyuki and Minami will not enter without permission, Tatsuya still locked the door just in case, took off his jacket and sat on a chair. And immediately closed his eyes. Of course not to take a nap. And in order to direct your "view" to a world that cannot be perceived only by the five senses.

	Tatsuya can "see" the information dimension even at a time when he looks at the ordinary world with the naked eye. However, it is much easier to do this by observing slowly and with a lowered stimulation of the five ordinary senses.

	Using the pioneer bullet released earlier through the Idea as a guide, he got access to information about the "girl" he met on the eve.

	"Jasmine Williams, Captain of the Armed Forces of the Australian Armed Forces." So all the same age and appearance do not coincide? "

	Improved magician with a genetic anomaly.

	Even realizing this, Tatsuya did not flinch. To treat the enemy prejudiced because of this would be very frivolous for him. As an enemy, for Tatsuya they are only a target to be neutralized. If it ceases to be an enemy, then the attitude towards it can change.

	To be sure, Tatsuya also checked the label of James J. Johnson. It was still being tracked without problems. He realized that it would work for another three days, unless of course found.

	"Maybe it's reckless ... but it will be a good practical test."

	When he had finished, Tatsuya opened his eyes and looked at the clock in the cabin. It took more time than he expected. When he was already up and began to put on his jacket, there was a knock at the door.

	"... Onii-sama." It's almost time.

	- I got it. - Having answered Miyuki, he opened the door. Miyuki's hair was without her usual ornaments and gathered up into a bun, and on her open neck shone a tricolor necklace well balanced from pearls of white, black and gold colors.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	The party dedicated to the completion of Saikasin began. The door to the hall opened, and people wandering around the lobby began to slowly go inside. There are people with two types of thinking: when the boss should go first, and when the big bumps come in after everyone. Today, it seemed, none of them applied, and people just started to enter from the neighbors to the entrance. For this reason, the Tatsuya group that was not waiting in the vestibule was the last, but was not considered late. In other words, Miyuki, accompanied by Tatsuya and Minami behind her, entered the hall already filled with people.

	At the moment of its entrance, the hall, before full of noise, died down. As if the main character appeared. No, at this moment, Miyuki, of course, was the star of this place. People, holding their breath, without stirring, as if losing their self-awareness, looked at this beauty, which a mere mortal cannot have.

	Miyuki smiled slightly embarrassed under all these glances and, standing in the center of the hall, bowed slightly.

	Thus, the fetters of the mind with the people in the hall were removed.

	The noise of the voices returned. Almost all of them were about Miyuki: "Who is this beauty?", "She is from Yotsuba ...", "What, she !?". There were only a few exceptions. Of course, these were long-time students and graduates of First High, as well as Shizuku's parents, who knew Miyuki.

	Tatsuya with Minami first of all accompanied Miyuki to greet Ushio. This is quite natural, because they were here as his guests.

	- Long time no see. Thank you for today. Tatsuya bowed politely. After him, they bowed: Miyuki was elegant and cute, and Minami was innocent and reserved.

	- Thank you, too. Thank you for your courtesy. - Having gathered many views from the audience, Ushio answered Tatsuya with a smile. Tatsuya and Miyuki also met with Ushio last month, after the incident with the terrorist attack in Hakone. So, although in fact it was not "long time to see", but it was not necessary to honestly tell the truth in a situation where someone can overhear. In addition, with the wife of Ushio, Benio, they really have not seen each other for a long time, so this was not a strange greeting.

	"Since your previous meeting, you have become much more grand."

	Benio spoke to Tatsuya of the suitable position of her in a sociable tone. However, Tatsuya was able to read in her words a hidden complaint: "You deceived me well at that time."

	- And Madame still looks great, and has not changed at all. It's an honor to see you today. "Nevertheless, Tatsuya did not feel guilty at all. Benio, looking at him with an evil look, somehow managed to keep a friendly smile on his face.

	"Wataru-kun, have not seen each other for a long time." You're already in high school? "Trying to defuse the situation, Miyuki spoke to Wataru, who stood tensely next to Benio. A beautiful voice, suitable for a beautiful appearance, sounded like a bell in the hall and again made many, irrespective of their age, stiffen.

	- Yes, from this April I am a high school student!

	Wataru's tension was justified. Despite the meaningless answer, it was worthy of respect even that he was able to speak at all.

	Talking with Tatsuya, Ushio watched with such a sad smile.

	"My daughter is here, too." Do not want to go talk to her? - Where Ushio pointed with his gaze, gathered in one group, stood Shizuku, Honoka and graduates.

	"In that case, we will use your offer."

	After bowing once more, Tatsuya's group left Ushio.

	Only after that, people around were able to realize that their behavior was impolite. They hurriedly turned their eyes away from Tatsuya's group and returned to chatter with the nearest interlocutors. Miyuki herself was relieved only when she reached Azusa, Hattori and others.

	- I thought that I had already got used to it, but ... looking at this beauty, I again amazed. - Kanon force of will was high enough, since she managed to say this, because Azusa, Sayaka and others were completely absorbed in Miyuki's aura (except in the usual sense this cannot be called "aura" in the conventional sense).

	- Guys, the people of the Yotsuba family are all unusual. - Miyuki answered without modesty and compliments. After she had gathered so many views on herself, if Miyuki praises the appearance of Kanon now, it will sound like sarcasm. Miyuki also realized this.

	At this point, the organizer of the event climbed onto the stage. After a short greeting, congratulations of about a dozen people followed. When, among others, Ushio spoke, Shizuku looked a little out of place.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Approximately 60 kilometers west of the island of Kume was a ship, heading northwest. The ship was just a bit larger than an ordinary fishing boat. Even if it was a fishing boat, it did not catch fish, it was clear that it was returning to its port at effective speed.

	A few years ago in this area patrol boats often chased the illegal fishing vessels of the Great Asian Alliance, among which were even disguised warships of both countries. After the incident 5 years ago of the invasion of Okinawa, such cases were a covert provocation of the Great Asian Alliance. But after the conclusion of the peace treaty last year, this ship could openly cross the sea on the surface.

	"Lieutenant-dono, do you really want to go?" We cannot take you back ...

	"We'll figure something out later." First of all, the success of the operation is important. - Lieutenant Bernard Zhang said and lay down on his stomach in a capsule of a controlled torpedo.

	[note. there is no error in the name. but nowhere is it explained why Zhang suddenly has a different name. further everywhere he is again Bradley]

	Zhang is the second number among the detachment of deserters of the Great Asian Alliance. He became the leader in the current situation, when the first issue, Major Daniel Liu, was captured by the Japanese army. Nobody dared to argue with Zhang when he announced that he had chosen a one-way ticket.

	However, this meant that Zhang fully understood what was going on. The phrase "something we come up with" was his assessment of the situation. If the diversion is successful, even if the artificial island is not sunk, the chaos caused by this is inevitable. It will not be so difficult to hijack a ship capable of long navigation in all this mess.

	- Close the hatch.

	- There is.

	At the command of Zhang, the hatch behind him was closed. Zhang's eyes were filled with pitch darkness, but a moment later she was driven away by the dim light of the switched-on appliances.

	In total, they had five such torpedo capsules. Zhang was alone in his own, and another two climbed in two others. These nine men formed a detachment of suicide bombers, going to their last task.

	Capsules were thrown into the sea through an opening at the bottom of the ship. The torpedo capsule propeller was closed with a metal cover completely covering the rear part. This was done to prevent the detection of sound blades.

	Thus, moving solely by the magic of people sitting inside, five torpedo capsules began to advance towards the artificial island of Saikashin.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	The banquet hall of the hotel, located on the first tier of the underground layers of the artificial island, ended with cheers and it was time for free communication. The gathered representatives of the elite finally regained their composure and began to cast their glances at Miyuki less. A group of graduates, also getting rid of the tension on their faces, went to the table with food.

	- I thought that Isori-senpai would also appear on stage. - During the selection of snacks, Tatsuya spoke with Isori. Taking a snack from the same plate as Tatsuya, Isori shook his head with a smile.

	- Generally, I had such an opportunity, but I preferred to refuse. I have no one here to please with their speeches.

	- It is not true! I'd like to see Kei's gorgeous performance! - Kanon reacted instantly. From her tone it was obvious that this topic was not raised for the first time.

	"By the way, sempai." Could you give me some of your time?

	"Tatsuya-sama?"

	Who was surprised at this proposal, so it's not Isori himself, but Miyuki. What she did not say at the moment "Onii-sama" showed that she, it seems, had already gotten used to it during this time. Actually Isori was also puzzled, but Miyuki overtook him by reaction.

	- ... Something happened? - It seems instead of surprise, Isori felt wrong. From Tatsuya's expression, he realized that his reasoning had come true. - I got it. Let's go there.

	The Isori family has to do with the design of this artificial island. So he knew about the presence of a small room next to the banquet hall. It was a room prepared for changing clothes, so today it should not be used.

	"Miyuki, wait for me here." Minami, I trust Miyuki to you.

	"... Understood."

	"Yes, Tatsuya-sama."

	"Kanon, wait, too."

	Tatsuya stopped Miyuki, who tried to follow them, and Isori - who was also leading Kanon, after which these two, without attracting attention, went to the next room.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	"So, what really happened?" - Although there was no one in the room, stopped, Isori immediately addressed Tatsuya in a whisper.

	- This party was aimed at deserters from the Great Asian Alliance. - Also stopping, Tatsuya honestly answered Isori's question. From Isori's mouth came a sound. It was not the sound of swallowing saliva, but more like a muffled cry.

	"Why now ..." With a hoarse voice Isori reproached Tatsuya. The broken phrase should be "Why did not you tell me before?".

	"Please do not get me wrong." - Lifting his right hand in front of him, he stopped Isori with a stop gesture to calm down. - Countermeasures against the planned attack have already been completed. They cannot do anything.

	Although it seemed that he did not fully believe Tatsuya's words, Isori still made it clear that he was ready to listen further.

	- Saboteurs approach the artificial island under the water and plan to place bombs to puncture the pontoons.

	"... In that case, this island of Saikashin will not sink."

	- However, today's party will be canceled? If they carry out the plan.

	It seems, Isori, at last, has restored calmness and the ability to reason normally. He directed a questioning glance at Tatsuya.

	"Your words sound pretty confident, but ... why did you tell me all this?"

	"To ask you to be careful if the battle does begin."

	"Even if you did not say, you're not going to be involved in some dangerous business?" - asked Isori with his usual expression of a pacifist on his face. However, Tatsuya's face read an obvious answer.

	In addition, Tatsuya laid out the cards that destroyed Isori's poker face.

	- I know about the defense system of this artificial island, made by the engraving magic. Sempai can also freely activate this magic.

	Isori opened his eyes wide. However, immediately nodded quickly with an understanding face.

	"It's normal for Shiba-kun to know this." In that case, do you know that it is impossible to install a bomb without the help of the defense forces?

	Isori is one of the direct participants in the Yokohama incident. He knows that Tatsuya is a special officer of the national self-defense forces.

	"To begin with, they cannot even get close." The repulsive force field, generated on the surface of the pontoons, in order to drive away large marine inhabitants, will also affect people. They will not be injured, but bioelectromagnetism will not allow them to approach pontoons or to a mining facility.

	- Correct. In addition, the adherent deposits are also peeled off by ultrasonic cleaning. Therefore, it is impossible to install a bomb while there is a magician capable of activating the magic of engraving my family, even if it's not me.

	- Exactly. The fact is that the saboteurs also know this.

	The complexion of Isori changed. He was not stupid enough not to understand the meaning of these words.

	"... Will they target me, too?"

	- Correct. To be precise, they already aimed at sempai, right? Tatsuya nodded in his calm, unbiased manner. "But be calm." A magician of the self-defense forces is on the spot and will guard this person.

	At the moment, as Tatsuya said this, Behind Isori, the presence of a man appeared. Hurriedly turning Isori gave the honor to the magician in the uniform of the waiter.

	- When he...

	Without answering Isori's question, the magician, disguised as a waiter, introduced himself:

	"The National Defense Forces, Chief Sergeant Haebaru, is at your service." I apologize for not being able to say which division I belong to, this is a military secret.

	The soldier, who introduced himself as Haebaru, was a lean man of about 30 years of age. However, even poorly versed in this Isori realized that he is not in such a physical state, as can be seen at first glance.

	- Sergeant Major - escort specialist. He is excellent in personal protective magic, and also has extensive experience in battles. Please tell the sergeant about your plans for movement.

	Confirming that Isori nodded, Tatsuya suggested:

	- Then, come back.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Returning to Tatsuya Hall, a beautiful woman in a modest dress called at first sight that left her impression of "the secretary of the president of the famous corporation."

	"Senpai, come back, please, continue without me."

	- I got it. - Guessing Isori, without asking who this woman was, returned to the table, where Kanon and the others crowded. Because he recognized her, too.

	"Is that the eldest son of the Isori family?" What a sweet boy. He should have a dress.

	"Only do not say so, please." I can guess for him this is a painful topic.

	- I will not talk. Do I look so careless?

	- No, I just in case. "Tatsuya replied carefully. She showed the furious smile of Fujibayashi.

	- They came? He asked in a tone of secular conversation.

	- Yes. They will come into contact with the line of defense in five minutes.

	Around them was activated "Barrier" Fujibayashi, protecting from listening, set so that no one noticed it. It was not a modern magical soundproofing field, but the inherited ancient magic of the Fujibayashi family. Unlike strong modern magic, this ancient magic was poorly perceived by sensors, which suited this place well.

	"So it's about ten minutes to surf to the surface?"

	"Maybe a little earlier."

	- I got it. Then I will also begin to prepare for the performance.

	- I got it. I'll tell the commander.

	Already intending to leave, Tatsuya stopped, noticing in the look of Fujibayashi's desire to say something.

	- Something else?

	"Tatsuya-kun, it seems ... not at all baffled."

	- What are you speaking about? "Tatsuya did not pretend to be a fool." The words of Fujibayashi were too vague, and he did not know what she was hinting at.

	- I heard that five years ago Tatsuya-kun also lost a loved one.

	- It's true. So what? Tatsuya's voice could only be called unfeeling.

	- The same terrain, the same enemy, everything is the same. ... I would also like to become so strong.

	It seemed that Fujibayashi did not address Tatsuya, but spoke to herself.

	- This is absolutely not the same. The nature and position of the enemy are different from that time. "However, Tatsuya gave an honest answer. "Besides, there's only one really important person for me."

	The name of this person was not necessary to ask.

	"... Even if you do not lose Miyuki-san, do others not matter?"

	- This is a meaningless assumption. While I'm alive, this will not happen. - Tatsuya responded with absolutely no tension and this time left Fujibayashi.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Curious views gathered on Tatsuya's table that had come back to him. In fact, Kirihara and Hattori were already ready to open their mouths to ask.

	- Excuse me. "But Tatsuya took the initiative." - They contacted me from the main house of the family, I had to solve one thing.

	Until last year, Tatsuya was cautious about various things in order to keep the secret of the "family". However, now one can use the pretext that he is a relative of the Yotsuba family. If you hint that this is the case of the Yotsuba family, then there will be no unnecessary questions because of the bad reputation. Honestly, Tatsuya felt that it would be imprudent to use this "excuse" every time. Now also the question "What's the matter?" Was not followed.

	- The case is not yet complete. Miyuki, I'll be back at the end of the party.

	"Yes, Tatsuya-sama." I'll wait with impatience.

	Tatsuya nodded and went to Benio Ushio. To also inform about the unfinished business.

	"So you're calling him Tatsuya-sama now?" - With the gaze of Miyuki, she spoke up Azusa.

	- Yes. Because "Tatsuya-san" sounds unsuitable. - Despite the sudden (Miyuki long standing in front of Azusa and already many times using "Tatsuya-sama") a raised topic, Miyuki did not panic and with a radiant smile answered this question. On such frank rectitude, Azusa could not react in any way, except to smile.

	- Ha ~, no, well, what can I say ... Shiba-san in his repertoire. - Kanon with the expression "thank you for eating" on your face, looked at the ceiling. - For me it seems impossible ...

	"Kanon is as good as it is." So I'm happy.

	"Ehehe ... is it true?" "Kanon pressed closer to Isori's standing beside him.

	"Ah, those two are again in their own separate world." Indeed, where did the modesty of Yamato Nadysiko go? [expression describing the ideal Japanese woman] - Kirihara turned away his gaze from those who began to spread the love atmosphere and began to complain.

	- Said one who is here with the girl.

	Tsukkomi Hattori had no effect on Kirihara, but:

	"So Kirihara-kun likes modest girls?" Well, then I'll decide to abstain for a bit.

	- Hey! "He could not hide his frustration at Sayaka's gag."

	While the graduates, including the "created their world Isori and Kanon" all laughed together, Honoka and Shizuku spoke in a low voice with Miyuki.

	"Miyuki, do not you have to go?"

	- Can we help?

	- I believe that to be calm is the main help that we can render.

	With her answer, Miyuki did not disclose the real state of affairs. Initially, it was even included in the operation plan that Miyuki will play an important role in the final stage. But now she could calm down.

	Miyuki's answer was justified from the point of view of minor civilians, and Honoka and Shizuku were convinced. However, there were those who did not retreat. Those who have been foresighted from the very beginning in anticipation of impending disaster. Tatsuya (although Miyuki too) slightly underestimated the hot blood of graduates.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Approximately one kilometer west of the artificial island of Saikashin. Illuminated by the light of the full moon, a man stood on the waves. Giant in white armor in Chinese style. It was wrapped in the magical "Armor of the White Tiger" Lu Ganghu.

	"They'll be here soon."

	- There is. I start the dive.

	"I think you know that although the armor of the White Tiger does not belong to" Fire, "they are still poorly compatible with" Water. "

	- I understand. But if you do not give them a head start, it will not be interesting at all.

	"Well, we are talking about the captain, who does not consider the" Fire "as something significant. We have nothing to worry about.

	"Please leave it to me."

	"All right, go ahead."

	On the orders of Chen Xiangshan, the body of Lu Ganghu began to sink underwater. This was not strange in itself. On the contrary, the man standing on the surface of the water looked abnormal. However, instead of falling into the sea, splashing water, the figure slowly went under the water - that's what looked strange.

	Lu Ganghu did not have an oxygen balloon behind him, nor a breathing tube. But he breathed as usual. If you look closely, his body does not touch the sea water. The huge body of Lu Ganghu, dressed in the Armor of the White Tiger, was covered with a thin air layer.

	He stopped dipping and looked straight ahead. Neither the light of the stars nor the light of the moon reached that depth. The water of the night sea was filled with darkness. Nothing was visible even at arm's length. ... This is about physical light.

	The vision of Lu Ganghu could see the psion light emitted by the body accompanying the use of magic.

	Leaning with his feet on the sea water, Lu Ganghu stretched his left hand forward, and pulled his right back from it.

	The layer of gas covering his body became thicker. To the air taken from the surface of the sea, he added the oxygen extracted from the sea water. Usually this leads to oxygen poisoning, but Lu Ganghu's body consumed highly concentrated oxygen to increase "strength."

	Pulling forward his right hand, he released the energy accumulated by this "technique" of energy in the form of a powerful "wave." This "wave" did not move water, but acted only on living beings. Lu Ganghu felt the response of the "wave" oscillation, which sprang from something. Starting from the water, he ran forward.

	Going ahead of the rest of the torpedo capsule, he kicked his foot from below, throwing it up. Two people were thrown out of the capsule, which lifted its nose upward. They panicked and tried to surface.

	Of the other capsules, one by one, the deserters jumped up and began to climb to the surface. Lu Ganghu followed them with a fierce smile.





	◊ ◊ ◊



	At the time when Lu Ganghu came into contact with the torpedo capsules, Tatsuya moved on the sea on a hydrocycle. He was not alone. On each side of him, on a small boat, the same course was followed by Higaki Joseph and Yanagi.

	"Major, did you see this?"

	"Did you see it, too?"

	Tatsuya and Yanagi caught in their various perceptions the "wave" that had spread across the sea.

	"Enemy agents are rising to the surface."

	- I will go. Cover me.

	- There it is.

	Immediately after the answer, Tatsuya and Yanagi jumped from the boat. He had in his hand a pole about two meters in length.

	Yanagi landed on the surface of the sea. It should be said that it splashed down, but when it was clear that the legs did not sink in the water at all, it could only be expressed as "landed."

	Standing on the waves, he stuck a pole into the water. Grabbing a pole with his left hand over the upper end, and right by 50 cm below, he made a "lever" by pulling his left hand down and his right up. The enemy soldier was dragged out of the water. Yanagi sent a soldier into the air. The soldier's cries drowned out the noise of the hydrocycle. The fact that heavy damage was inflicted could be seen only by the sight of the flying body.

	The soldier who was thrown by Yanagi, fell directly into the boat, which Joseph led. Joseph quickly tied the fallen man. Yanagi, meanwhile, was already heading for the next enemy, which had already surfaced.

	The sign of someone strong quickly approached the surface. He chose a position for Yanagi's attack from behind. At the moment when Yanagi, by a rowing movement, attacked the head of the emerging enemy in front of him, a giant human figure jumped out of the water, like a jumping whale.

	Tatsuya aimed magic at this big figure. But the imaginary trigger did not pull. Because I realized that the more ferocious, than this person sign, pursuing him, was approaching to jump out of the water.

	He already realized that the big man is a deserter from the Great Asian Alliance, Lieutenant Bradley Zhang. And his pursuer is captain of the army of the Great Asian Alliance, Lu Ganghu.

	Bradley Zhang surpasses Lu Ganghu in body size. However, according to the amount of energy contained in the body, Lu Ganghu is 1-2 steps higher. Tatsuya left Zhang to Lu Ganghu and decided to help Yanagi deal with the remaining trifle ... however ...

	At that moment, something so unexpected happened that even Tatsuya could not have foreseen.

	"Destruction!" - With a little incomprehensible battle cry, the familiar figure rushed in a flying blow to the enemy who had risen to the surface of the sea. After the attack, drowning the enemy, deftly reacted and landed on the second seat of the Tatsuya hydrocycle, the young man turned out to be his sempai, a former member of the disciplinary committee, Sawaki.

	"... Senpai. What are you doing in this place?

	- Mmm? I see, you're not surprised.

	- Well, that's because I learned by the shape of the jump with a blow that it was sempai. - Tatsuya's answer was not a lie. He knew that the one sitting behind was Sawaki, because the unidentified enemy would have been shot down in the air.

	"Could you understand this in such darkness?" As expected from Shiba-kun.

	"... No, it's not that dark." There is a moonlight. To some extent this is enough.

	Today is a full moon and clear weather. It cannot be said that there was "not a cloud", but at the moment the moonlight unhindered the entire southern sea. As Tatsuya said, it was not difficult to distinguish human outlines.

	- Seryaaaa! [note. perev: probably some random battle cry, such as "cue". did not change, left as it was]

	Suddenly he heard a familiar voice coming from a short distance. Tatsuya felt a phantom pain in his head.

	"Kirihara-sempai, too?"

	- OU. And Hattori is with us too.

	From the answer sitting behind Sawaki came no longer phantom, but a real headache. Tatsuya unfolded the hydrocycle to the side where he heard Kirihara's voice.

	After shooting a couple of times with weak magic for Yanagi's cover, Tatsuya drove up to the hydrocycle that Hattori was driving.

	"Not only Sawaki-senpai and Kirihara-sempai, but even Hattori-senpai ... What are you doing?" Especially in this form.

	Tatsuya changed from a costume for a party. But not in a wetsuit, but in special naval combat clothing, which will not interfere, even if it falls into the water. But all three graduates stayed in the same suits that were on them before.

	"I thought that such an admixture would not hurt, since we were going to have fun!" Shiba, taking all the fun yourself is not good! - Kirihara shouted joyfully, holding a 120-centimeter stick, which was replaced by a wooden sword. Perhaps he borrowed it from someone from the guards of an artificial island.

	- We left the girls in a safe place. Unlike Yokohama, here you can tackle the extermination of bad guys without hesitation. - Answered Sawaki, it seemed, was serious.

	From the words of Kirihara and Sawaki, Tatsuya felt the headache intensify, and wondered if they had lost a few screws from their heads. The share of surprise was also present in the impression "is this his true nature?" from Sawaki.

	"... Hattori the senpai." And about you ...

	- No, I was against it! But I thought that it would be better than letting them go alone!

	In Tatsuya's eyes, Hattori also seemed to call on magic with great enthusiasm. But he did not dare say it out loud.

	"Lieutenant Colonel Kazama." "Instead, he decided to complain to Kazama."

	- ...What? - The answer came with a little delay. Tatsuya thus realized that Kazama already knows about the runaway graduates.

	- Why are civilians released during an external alarm?

	As expected, a bad answer came to the question posed with emphasis on "external alarm".

	- Officially, there are no military operations in this area at present.

	Since the defense forces intend to hide the attack, it is common practice that this battle will not remain in the official records.

	"But this is not a reason to allow civilians here."

	- Unlike airspace, free navigation by sea in waters where there are no military operations, we cannot prohibit. Moreover, we cannot officially say that the battle is going on.



	Obviously, Kazama insisted that he himself would not say what was happening. However, to explain to the graduates that they were in the center of the battle and stop the reckless attempt to break into the middle of the battle - these are different things.

	- Anyone can come up with a pretext. Lieutenant colonel. I have no doubt that you could easily stop them.

	- The addition of civilians to the front line was not our initiative.

	In other words, they just agreed to it.

	"Do they want to assess their fighting strength for the future? ..."

	Tatsuya realized that further questions were useless. As was seen by the names of Hattori, Kirihara and Sawaki, none of them belonged to the "Numbers". They were outside the mainstream of the representatives of the magical world centered around the Ten Master Clans. For a Separate, magically equipped battalion, no, for the commander of the Brigade 1-0-1, Lieutenant General Saeki, they were suitably talented candidates. That is, Saeki wanted to take advantage of this in order to deepen the relationship.

	"You mean you cannot drive them away?"

	This meant the approval of their participation in the battle.

	Hint asked Tatsuya,

	- That's that came quite an expected answer.



	Returning Sawaki to the hydrocycle Hattori (he was triple, but with reduced mobility), Tatsuya continued to cover fire for Yanagi.

	Despite the fact that most of the enemy agents were already cleaned, two of the remaining three people, Sawaki and Kirihara happily treated, one with their fists and the other with a stick. The skills of the opponents were not very high. Therefore, it was not bad to leave them to do what they like.

	But there was one more person left. It was not enough to simply say that the level of his skills was higher. But here, too, there was no problem, because there was someone to trust. More precisely, it was useless to interfere.

	Lu Ganghu ran along the surface of the sea. Sliding on the surface of the water, Zhang stood up in a protective stance. The left hand of Lu Ganghu and the right hand of Zhang rushed forward. The hands of these two clasped hands. But this did not turn into a clash of four hands. Just after a moment of struggle between the two hands, Zhang was severely discarded. Lu Ganghu went to Zhang, who had been sunk into the water.

	Zhang's body began to sink. Lu Ganghu stamped his foot on the water. The surface of the water shook. Waves did not spread. Within a radius of 5 meters the water began to harden and shook like a bell. Having hardened, the water immediately turned back, foaming and swelling upward.

	Zhang jumped out of the waves and foam. Directly on him Lu Ganghu was already approaching. There was an ascending elbow blow. Zhang, distorting his face in agony, flew into the air and fell into the water.

	Tatsuya noticed this, watching the battle of these two. Bradley Zhang did "points of support" over the water. Lu Ganghu was making a "road" over the water. Tatsuya could make a "foothold", but did not know how to make a "road". Lu Ganghu used a system of magical techniques that differed from that used by Tatsuya.

	"I would like to better consider, but ... it is unlikely to work out."

	It was not the only place Tatsuya had to "see". In order not to make a mistake, he kept his curiosity.

	Something else was also happening in this place. The battle between Lu Ganghu and Zhang came to an end. But he did not finish this end.



	Assessing the enemy's skills as low, Tatsuya based his opinion on the comparison with the level of Yotsuba, the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion, and also Kokonee Yakumo. But for Kirihara and Sawaki, it turned out to be quite strong opponents. Neither Kirihara nor Sawaki have yet learned how to run freely on the water during a battle. Kirihara could make points on the water for 8 steps, and Sawaki - for 5. However, Sawaki could, after jumping into the air, make after this another five steps.

	But in any case, during the battle and Kirihara and Sawaki constantly had to return to the hydrocycle, which led Hattori. The borrowed hydrocycle was large, accommodating three people, so even if those two jump on it simultaneously, they will not collide. However, tracking the positions of Kirihara and Sawaki, and forced to travel between them so that they do not fall into the water, Hattori was even more nervous than the two men fighting in close combat.

	Tatsuya saw that the combat capabilities of Kirihara and Sawaki themselves are higher than those of the enemy soldiers. But the enemies, who fought these two, in a disadvantageous situation, went under the water and aimed at their feet. The soldiers-deserters from the army of the Great Asian Alliance had activated magic, allowing free movement on the surface and under water. If to compare with the Japanese ancient magic, it is similar to one of the techniques of ninjutsu, "Water escape".

	The magic of the army of Hong Kong, to which they originally belonged, is based on ancient magic from the continent and ancient magic from Britain, and is now in a chaotic state with admixtures of modern magic and magic of enemy Japan, so it cannot be classified as any "style." Criminal organizations, like the "No-Head Dragon" are faithful enough to the traditions. The deserters themselves, using their techniques, probably do not know which system they belong to.

	However, "Use, if you can." This is the correct way to use "techniques" as a tool. By itself, such thinking will not affect the outcome of the battle.

	- Seryaaaa! - Kirihara slashed a stick on the shoulder of the enemy. Even with a high-frequency blade, the stick did not give the attack power of a real sword. Nevertheless, a vibrating with a high frequency stick tore the clothes and skin of the enemy, sending damage to the bone.

	Even when the enemy accepted the attack on the knife, the vibration spread through the blade and fingers into the palm of your hand and caused numbness. The enemy did not drop the knife, because it had hand protection, into which the fingers were pushed. Having fallen on one knee, the enemy raised sprays and completely disappeared under water.

	"Again?" Wooo !?

	With such an unexpected underwater speed, Kirihara was finally knocked down. Attack from under the feet - this is not what you usually expect. Even in using magic "kenjutsu".

	Kirihara fell to the surface of the sea. He simply began to sink. The hand of the enemy turned around his neck. At the same time, the enemy soldier tried to strike Kirihara with a knife, which he held in the other hand.

	Directly under them was an explosion. The formed blast wave pushed to the surface and threw the bodies of Kirihara and the enemy into the air. While Kirihara was still in flight, the body of the enemy suddenly pulled down to the surface of the sea increased gravity. At the moment when surface tension began to support the enemy on the surface, electric current flowed through the water. It was a weak electric attack, which is not enough to neutralize a person. However, the strength was enough to make it difficult to act for a short time and make a breach in the defense.

	Underwater explosion, acceleration of falling, electric shock. This magic chain was built by Hattori.

	- Kirihara, now! - Hattori used remotely applied magic. He also continued to move on the hydrocycle. Even if you shout loudly, it is more likely that words will not be heard.

	- Yes! - But Kirihara did not miss these words. He did not miss this opportunity.

	Kirihara changed his trajectory with the help of the magic of the air "jump", and, leaving the drop to the force of attraction, rushed to the enemy with a stick wrapped in a "high-frequency blade". The sea water, affected by the high-frequency vibration of the stick, evaporated, bubbling violently. The resistance absorbed the strength of the stick. But as a result, everything went well.

	Having pushed all the water on its way by evaporation, Kirihara's stick reached the body of the enemy soldier. But instead of slashing motion, he pressed the stick to the enemy, and he, furiously shaken in a bubble pillow, lost consciousness.



	Kirihara who had risen appeared on the surface of the sea, and raised the captured enemy soldier. The battle between Sawaki and the enemy soldier still continued. The battle between an enemy attacking from under the water and an attacker from the air of Sawaki.

	Simply put, they did not grapple straight. Obtained substantial damage from attacks Sawaki hands and feet, the enemy soldier completely switched to attacks from the water. On the other hand, Sawaki did not run on the sea, but jumped high, and, sharply changing the trajectory in the air, dived down when the enemy showed up on the surface.

	Each time this sequence of actions was repeated. Sawaki tries to kick the enemy. The enemy tries to grab Sawaki by the foot and drag him into the water.

	- Oh, that's bad. Can I help him better? - Frowning, muttered floating on the waves Kirihara, who could already afford to watch the battle of the ally. Constantly jumping Sawaki, and the enemy, waiting for the moment in the water. Apparently, Sawaki will be the first to die out.

	Kirihara was not the only one who felt it. The head of the enemy appeared over the water. The next moment a tightly compressed thin disk from the water, flying close to the sea level, attacked the enemy, slightly touching it. The enemy immediately returned under the water. The water disk suddenly stopped over this place and fell vertically.

	Although this was not visible, it could be understood that the suddenly increased water pressure caused damage to the enemy under the water. Looking at the picture unfolding in the light of the moon, Kirihara involuntarily whistled as a token of praise.

	Even without checking, one could say that this was also the magic of Hattori. The behavior of this disk was not the result of rewriting magic on the fly. He pre-programmed the trajectory, predicting that the enemy will dodge, dropping down. A sharp look, versed in the weak places of enemies, and a magical control that allows you to use it.

	- Truly "the general". Not at all like me. - Kirihara muttered a secret nickname in a whisper so that Hattori could not hear, because it was obvious that he would not like it.

	"GENERAL"

	At the sight of this word appear images of adjectives "not an expert, but ordinary", "simple", "universal."

	For example, speaking of the "universalist", in addition to the original meaning: "a person with experience, extensive knowledge, not limited to his own area," is also used for ridicule the meaning "one who cannot become an expert."

	[note. The author describes a play of words where the English word "general" means "ordinary" and similar meanings, if used, as an adjective. Hattori's nickname is pronounced in English.]

	However, modern magic, based on the use of a CAD, was originally developed taking into account the "almighty soldier who can do anything alone". "Not a specialist" means that "he is not attached to any area of activity", that is, "he can do anything." This was exactly what modern magic sought.

	Kirihara and his classmates believed that Hattori best realized the educational policy of modern magic among all of the same generation as they, from the Mayumi and Katsuto generation a year older, and also from the Tatsuya and Miyuki generation a year younger.

	Marie, sempai older than 1 year, also certainly has a lot of magic variations in the arsenal, however she is extremely concentrated on melee combat, and also has a lack of abilities against mechanized troops.

	But Hattori does not have this. His main field of activity is a group battle at the middle and long range, however, both hand-to-hand combat and sniper shooting can be performed at a high level. Kirihara, specializing in close combat, could not easily defeat Hattori in training battles.

	The nickname "general" also had one more meaning. The Hattori family is not from the "Numbers". And also not some famous family of users of ancient magic. The name only coincided with the famous family of users of "ninjutsu" Hattori, he was not associated with them. They are among the oldest members of the "One Hundred Families", but do not form part of the magical world.

	Nevertheless, Hattori, who was on an equal footing or even higher than "Numbers", in the future was to become a leader, "Shogun" for the same numberless classmates, like Kirihara and Sawaki.

	[note. Translation: "Shogun" = commander, general. those. the first meaning of the nickname is "universal [soldier]," and the second, in fact, "general"]

	Neither Kirihara nor Hattori saw this. Sawaki's lips moved slightly in the air. Like Kirihara, he, perhaps whispered the same unknown Hattori nickname.

	Seen on the surface of the enemy soldier looked sluggish. The magic of Hattori, as calculated, inflicted damage on the enemy underwater pressure. Bouncing off the air, Sawaki attacked the enemy floating on the surface of the sea. The enemy soldier tried to grab Sawaki by the leg.

	The enemy's hands stretched upward. Sawaki held up both his legs. Using not only the lower part of the body, but also the lower back and the upper part, as a spring, he sharply extended both legs forward. With the magic of self-acceleration, the feet reached the speed of sound. Surprised by the surface of the sea, the air wall completely cut down the enemy soldier.



	The battle between Lu Ganghu and Bradley Zhang was also at the final stage. In a direct confrontation, Zhang cannot defeat Lu Ganghu. Having the nickname " The Man-Eating Tiger", Lu Ganghu is a warrior, considered one of the strongest melee magicians in the world.

	He was mistaken during the Yokohama incident because he was wounded in a battle with the same considered one of the strongest melee magicians, "Illusory Blade" by Chiba Naotsugu, and also because Tatsuya and Mayumi were his enemies. Even then wounded, he could not be defeated by melee fighters, such as Marie, Erika, Leo and others. Lu Ganghu has a better command of both martial arts and magic.

	Perhaps Zhang, finally, also realized this. From his presence, all signs of strength disappeared. No, probably he could only be called surrendered. Zhang knew what to do after the fight with Lu Ganghu. His goal is not to defeat Lu Ganghu, but to achieve a successful diversion of the artificial island. However, at this rate, he will be defeated here. Zhang understood this.

	Bradley Zhang's eye color changed. From his body, the psions were bursting uncontrollably, covering the whole body with a veil that wavered like heat waves.

	"Ho-ho." - Lu Ganghu smiled joyfully and narrowed his eyes. The white armor worn by Lu Ganghu was covered with a layer of psions with properties of increased density and hardness.

	Zhang bent heavily, standing on the waves. With his hands on the surface of the sea, he began to resemble a four-legged predator, preparing to attack prey. Water crawled over these hands. The sea water crawled up arms and legs, covered the huge body of Zhang and lifted him into the air. This water did not limit the actions of Zhang. The water mass moved up and down, forming something resembling the mouth of a giant snake.

	From the mouth of this supposedly giant snake, or dragon, Zhang looked at Lu Ganghu. Lu Ganghu looked at it ... not hiding a smile. Joyful, fierce and wide in all teeth.

	Lu Ganghu took the first step at the same time when the dragon Zhang set in motion. A big wave in the form of a water dragon swallowed Lu Ganghu. Immediately after that, a roar was heard from the waves. He did not belong to the "dragon". It was the roar of a "tiger". After rising, the water mass dispersed, forming the shape of the bowl. At the bottom of the "cup", breathing heavily, stood Lu Ganghu.

	The surface of the sea began to return to its normal state. Before the waves converged on him, Lu Ganghu jumped out of there. Hanging in the air, Zhang attacked Lu Ganghu with a stream of water bullets.

	"White Tiger Armor" Lu Ganghu is the creation of ancient continental magic and is subject to the law of the Five Elements.

	"Kinjosuy" means that the Element of Metal gives power to the Element of Water. ["Kindzosui" - literally "gold gives birth to water"]

	And if you look from the other side, the Element of Water takes power from the Element of Metal. This is a different interaction, in which one participant is strengthened and the other is weakened.

	"White Tiger Armor" refers to the Element of Metal. Therefore, with such reliable protection, victory is assured. Cold in nature, they are designed to control anger.

	The armor of the White Tiger, having the property of the Element of Metal, is no longer valid from the Element of Water. Just a large amount of water will not affect it in any way, but if you attack with the Element of Water, the force will gradually decrease.

	The attack of the detached Bradley Zhang reached Lu Ganghu, taking advantage of the law of the Five Elements. However, this was not enough to stop a man known throughout the world as the "Tiger-Ogre."

	With the pain from the impact of water bullets, "Anger" became stronger. By transforming the enemy's attack into energy for his attack, Lu Ganghu with his right foot brushed aside the technique surrounding Zhang!

	All right, with one kick. The blow of Lu Ganghu, inflicted in full force, destroyed Zhang's technique and threw away his gigantic body. Zhang's body flew, drawing a big arc

	Was it a coincidence or a last will? Bradley Zhang was flying toward Tatsuya. Tatsuya's actions were the simplest. He just hit the gas. The hydrocycle suddenly accelerated and Bradley Zhang fell into the water and began to sink.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	As Kazama suggested, the battle at sea did not affect the party. But those who know the circumstances, have not weakened their vigilance. Warned by Tatsuya, Isori stayed in the banquet hall, and, together with Miyuki and Minami, they watched the group associated with First High. However, there was absolutely no time for other actions. There were some unavoidable things.

	For example, here are these.

	"Kanon, where are you going?"

	Instead of blushing, Kanon replied with a smile:

	- Collect flowers.

	- And me too.

	- I'm with you, too.

	This meant that Kanon was going to retire for an unavoidable reason, and Sayaka and Azusa wanted to go with her.

	[note. Translation: Kanon used the Japanese "secret" female phrase, meaning a trip to the toilet, if anyone did not understand]

	"Will Kei go too?"

	"... Go, go."

	Reddened Isori made Kanon smile to her ears.

	Miyuki and Minami exchanged glances. They both heard from Tatsuya that Isori can become a target. In fact, their task was to observe Kanon and the rest. But Miyuki is alone. And for Minami there can be no question of leaving Miyuki. In the end they decided to stay in this place.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	The duo of Jasmine and Johnson of the Australian army moved independently, without waiting for the result of the division approaching the sea. They both understood. Having lost the main forces, the detachment of deserters from the Great Asian Alliance will not be able to show good results in this operation.

	And now they were whispering in the corner of the corridor, so as not to be noticed.

	"Can you get control?"

	- It's impossible. - Answered Johnson to the question of Jasmine.

	- Apparently because there were a lot of important people, a whole crowd of soldiers was in front of the control room. Moreover, as a bonus, among them is "Daitengu".

	" Harunobu Kazama?" ... It's impossible.

	The commander of the Independent Magic-Equipped Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel Kazama Harunobu, was known among foreign magicians, both under the pseudonym "Daytengu", and under the abbreviated name "Kharu Kazama." At the end of the 21st century among the English-speaking soldiers 「大 天狗」 they began to pronounce "Dai-tengu" in Japanese instead of translating "The Big Long-nosed Goblin".

	According to one theory, this was the result of the export of the subculture, but the truth was covered in darkness.

	- Does this mean that now it is best to escape?

	"This conversation is over." - Jasmine answered so quickly and sharply, because the same thought came to her mind.

	"Wow, what the hell was that?" ... Then how about you, Jas?

	"At least it's too tough for me." To crack the magical system established on this island, we still need to interact with Kei Isori .

	"So you cannot do it without kidnapping this boy?"

	"It's more realistic than meeting with Kazama."

	- Well, that's for sure ... op.

	Johnson noticed the approaching people and closed his mouth. Jasmine also reacted well and quickly returned to the behavior of the "ordinary girl".

	"These girls ... they're Kei Isori's escorts, are not they ?"

	They talked, sitting on the couch near the toilet. The faces of those who entered the toilet Kanon, Sayaka and Azusa were easily distinguishable.

	- True?

	- Without a doubt.

	It seems that Johnson did not remember about them so well, but he was confident in his reliable partner, Jasmine, with whom he went through a lot.

	- It's good. Captain Johnson, hide. Take them hostage and take Kei Isori .

	According to Johnson, none of them possessed fighting power, which is a threat. A girl with a hair-tail, it seemed to be able to show something, but she was not the enemy that Jasmine, who had taken seriously, was unable to do.

	- I got it.

	Carefully, not to make noise, Johnson opened the door to the service room, and hid there.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Released from the restroom after the correction of makeup Sayaka noticed that they are watching a smart little girl. Though small, but age 12-13 years. Europeans usually look older than the Japanese, so it could be smaller.

	"Ah ... really, Jas?"

	- Yes , Sayaka.

	It was the girl they helped the other day to avoid being kidnapped, she remembered in some way.

	- Eh? But the hair color ... - As Kanon said, the hair color was different from what was at that time. Her chestnut hair turned red. The brown eyes turned green. The impression was quite different, given the change in colors and clothes, but after she herself admitted it, doubts fell away.

	"Jas, what's the matter?" Where is your dad?

	- Yes, so we had a small problem.

	"Uh, what happened?"

	There was no sound of fear in the voice, but Kanon, who, as usual, lacked vigilance, approached Jasmine. But in this case the enemy is a girl looking for 12-13 years. It would be a little strange to blame Kanon for carelessness.

	- Actually ... Do not move! - The result was, as expected. Quickly twisting his arms, Kanon, kneeling on the back, Jasmine put a knife to her throat, which she hid under the clothes.

	"Jas, what the hell !?"

	At the shout of Sayaka, Jasmine answered a soulless smile.

	- Do not judge people in appearance. You better remember this. - Keeping Sayaka and Azusa in sight, Jasmine said her demand. "Bring Kei Isori ."

	"Kei?" What are you going to do with Kei!? Uk! - Kanon tried to free herself, but since her hands were firmly fixed from the back, she could only complain.

	"I have no intention of directly harming him." Bring him as soon as possible.

	- No! I cannot force Kei to be in danger because of me!

	Azusa and Sayaka exchanged glances. At the moment there were no signs of harming Kanon of movements from Jasmine. However, looking into her cold eyes, they knew that she would not hesitate to use the knife.

	"Do not go calling me." I'm here.

	- Kei!

	The voice of Isori was heard because of the puzzled Sayaki and Azusa.

	" Kei, why did you come!" Ay!

	"Please be a little quieter." You interfere with the conversation. "Tightening her hands harder to silence Kanon, Jasmine looked at Isori. Isori also looked at Jasmine. Anger burned in his eyes.

	"First release Kanon." After that we can talk.

	"Try to understand the situation better before you talk." I put forward demands here, not you. So ... to begin with, let the soldier standing next to you step back.

	Squeezing his teeth, Isori nodded to the standing Chaebaru. No, did he rather bow? Without saying anything, Chaebaru took two steps back.

	Learning that a man dressed in the form of a waiter, in fact, turned out to be a military man, Sayaka and Azusa rounded their eyes. However, they both realized not to say anything, so as not to interfere with what is happening.

	- That's better. Then, back to the main topic. Mr. Isori , please follow us.

	"... If I go with you, will you release Kanon?"

	- Yes. James.

	Called by name so as not to betray his identity, James appeared.

	" Mr. Isori , come here."

	- I got it.

	" Kei, stop!"

	At that moment, Jasmine's mind was directed to finding out what to do with the recklessly leading Kanon. If Kanon is left here, the negotiations will fail. Johnson's attention was directed to Isori, Chaebaru and Sayaka. Johnson, a combat melee sorcerer, knew that Sayaka could not match his appearance.

	He considered unnecessary anxiety about Azusa. Jasmine was also not afraid of her. The face of Azusa made me judge prejudiced about the level of her threat.

	But the one for whom Jasmine was supposed to look after most of all in this place, in fact it was Azusa.



	... There was a sound of strings.

	... The sound of the strings, similar to playing the harp, sounded from nowhere.



	The Magic of Psychic Intervention by Azusayumi.



	Consciousness of Jasmine was divorced from reality, seduced by the tone of the sound.



	Jasmine could not understand where this sound came from. It was also unclear whether the ears could hear a sound, or it was an auditory hallucination. Simply put, Jasmine's mind was distracted by the question of where the sound comes from. Her mind was focused on the question of when and where the sound would come next time ...

	While everyone forgot how to move, Azusa activated the following magic, using the CAD taken from the handbag as a mobile terminal.

	The knife, attached to the Kanon's throat, jerked violently. The feeling of a knife from the right hand returned Jasmine to consciousness. However, it was not perfect. In her fingers there was no strength and the knife was torn from her hand.

	The knife fell to the floor.

	- Yaya! - Having seen this, Sayaka began to move. She aimed her hand against Jasmine's head. Jasmine released her hand from Kanon and quickly retreated.

	"Jas!" - Recovering from " Azusayumi " Johnson took Jasmine in his arms. In time, the darts flew to Chaebaru to stop the two men. Johnson took them with them from the hotel's playroom. Chaebaru easily repulsed three darts, but during this time Johnson and Jasmine ran away to the entrance to the service room.

	"Kanon, are you all right?" - With relief on his face, Isori ran to the liberated Kanon.

	- Uh-huh ... I'm sorry. Forgive me please. Kanon that saw Isori next to her suddenly burst into tears. Isori did not panic, but gently pressed his head to her.

	- It was scary?

	- No. Not true. Not at all!

	- Then what is it?

	"Because of me, Kei was in danger." All because of my carelessness!

	Isori repeatedly and gently stroked the head of the reproachful Kanon.

	- Why do you apologize? You did not do anything wrong.

	- But!

	Isori brought his lips close to the ear of Kanon continuing to repent.

	"I'm glad that everything is good with Kanon."

	Kanon's apologies ceased. She just sobbed, buried in Isori's chest.

	"Uwaa ... He's such a gentleman."

	Fortunately, these two did not hear Azusa's messy comment. Sayaka's look, saying "how enviable" also did not reach Isori and Kanon, again gone into their separate world.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	"Somehow they escaped ... Jas, how are you?"

	"I screwed up." The fact that Azusa Nakajou uses the magic of psychic interference ...

	- There was no information about this. Its not our fault. You better tell me what to do now.

	With regret biting her lip, Jasmine looked at the floor and thought. In the end, she looked up, making a decision.

	"I did not want to do this, but ... I use my magic at the party venue."

	"Yes, it looks like it's left ..." Johnson's words, too, were indecisive. The use of Jasmine magic, the "Ozone Layer", at a party is the same as a poison gas attack.

	They will not be able to excuse themselves by justifying this. The whole world will oppose them with more harsh criticism than in terrorist attacks with bombs. The government of their country may refuse to communicate with them in order to avoid criticism of other countries.

	However, the operation of an external detonation cannot be successful (in fact, it has already failed), the option of capturing machine control and the variant of hacking the magic system also ended in flight and failure. The only remaining remedy is the "Ozone Circle". As the high command from the headquarters of the Australian army ordered to complete the diversion, it is impossible to destroy their expectations without doing so.

	"Jas, we'll go to the lifeboats first." After using the "Ozone Layer", access to the port will be blocked. Therefore, it is better to prepare for an escape beforehand.

	- Agree.

	They descended the service ladder to the staff, and made their way to the workers' recreation room, located next to the port. Not to be seen, they did not go directly to the port. The room they came to was deserted. In this remote place, people's presence was not felt.

	"How convenient that no one is there."

	"It seems to me that this is too good ..." Unlike the optimistic Johnson, Jasmine could not get rid of suspicions.

	- Apparently they were distracted by the recent hype.

	However, they could not afford to chill out here. Jasmine mentally ordered herself to agree with Johnson.

	- Watch your back.

	"Leave it to me."

	If magic only generates ozone, then it is not that difficult. However, relying only on relative information about a place that is not visible in order to generate highly concentrated ozone in a short time, the mind must be strongly concentrated. Thus, the magic operator becomes defenseless. Therefore, in order to use "Ozone Layer" in enemy territory, it was absolutely necessary to have a partner for an escort.

	The CAD started downloading the activation sequence. Closing her eyes and concentrating, in the magic calculating area, she began to form a magic sequence.

	This contradictory action deliberately changed the contents of the magic calculation area, which is in the subconscious. Both consciousness and subconsciousness had to simultaneously concentrate in one act. Even forgetting how to breathe, Jasmine built a sequence of magic "Ozone Circle".

	Coordinates were recorded. Jasmine activated the Ozone Circle (not realizing how many people it will affect) to the venue of the party.

	However, there was an unexpected problem.

	"... Did the invocation of magic fail?"

	- What!? - Instinctively asked Johnson, forgetting about the observation of the surrounding area.

	- Activation of the "Ozone Layer" ... seems to have failed. There was no effect.

	- Stupidity! "It's amazing, but Johnson seems to have raised his voice and forgot that they're hiding."

	No, he was right that this is impossible. Jasmine Williams was an improved magician optimized for Ozone Layer, and Ozone circle developer William McLeod personally supervised the process of setting up her genetic code. He failed to reproduce the scale, allowing to classify magic as the Strategic Class, but the activation speed and identity exceeded the original magic of MacLeod himself.

	Not only in theory. Jasmine has used the Ozone Layer in real combat many times already. Up to this point, she has never failed to activate it. Four days ago, there were also no problems with using the Ozone Layer to get rid of the pursuit of the Japanese army.

	- I'll try again! Jasmine closed her eyes again and concentrated her mind. Johnson forgot his role as a security guard and stared at her. Opening her eyes, Jasmine, with a shocked face, fell to her knees, exhausted. - Not activated ... Why? Was my power gone?

	- No. Suddenly, a beautiful, clear voice, like the sound of a bell, interrupted them. Immediately after the voice sounded, the presence of a third party emerged from nowhere. Johnson wanted to release an air bullet in the direction of the apparent presence. However, his magic was never activated.

	Before the speechless duo appeared one man and two girls. The man is a colonel of the division of special forces of the Great Asian Alliance, Chen Xiangshan. And the girls were Miyuki and Minami.

	- You two did not lose the ability to use magic techniques. Miyuki spoke to Jasmine and Johnson. In her speech, there was a faint pity. - The secret technique of the Yotsuba family, "The Gatekeeper." How is it for you?

	"The secret technique ... Yotsuba?"

	Miyuki smiled back at Jasmine, who had croaked her question. Jasmine's question was in English, but Miyuki responded in Japanese.

	- Yes. Usually I do not explain this, but today is a special day. Because we were also given a look at interesting techniques.



	Saying this, Miyuki turned her gaze to Chen Xiangshan. He grinned slightly in response. Miyuki looked again at Jasmine.

	- The sequence of magic, built in the subconscious, is transferred to the bottom, the "root" of consciousness from the upper layer of the subconscious and projected onto the target of magic from the "Gate" existing in the gap between consciousness and the subconscious.

	- So what? Johnson asked in an irritated voice.

	- ...Cannot be!? - It seems Jasmine realized what Miyuki is trying to say.

	- The gate is the magician's mind and the Eidos platform on the border with the Idea. The gates face the Idea. Otherwise, you would not be able to make the consistency of magic work outside of you.

	- Damn it! Whatever look, it means ...

	"It seems that you have already understood." The magician neutralization magic of "Gatekeeper" is installed on the Gate of the target magician and destroys the sequence of magic immediately after passing through. You cannot use magic until the "Gatekeeper" is canceled.

	Miyuki's explanation was partly true.

	She said the "secret technique of the Yotsuba family", but it was "Tatsuya's secret technique." At least for now, in the Yotsuba family, only Tatsuya could follow the "gates" of other people. It was presented as a "Yotsuba secret technique" to avoid too much interest in Tatsuya. But neither Jasmine nor Johnson could do anything about it. Because now, in fact, their magic was sealed. Jasmine struck the floor with both hands.

	Johnson silently attacked Miyuki. But before his body bumped into the barrier by Minami, a sharp drop in body temperature took away his strength to stand on his feet. Miyuki kindly turned to Johnson, who crawls unattractively on the floor:

	- Do not worry. Because it is already proven that sleep is temporary.

	Chen Xiangshan again grinned. Because he himself was exactly that example of proof.

	- Guys, please. Miyuki shouted to someone outside the door. As if on command, the door opened and the soldiers in uniform entered to detain Jasmine and Johnson. Behind this door was not the expected port of Jasmine, but quite another room.

	From the open door, music was barely audible. Realizing that they are very close to the venue of the party, Jasmine was shocked.

	"You probably did not notice?" It seems it's called "Kimon Tonko". You two wanted to go down the stairs, but actually went down and down. So, if it had happened that "The Gatekeeper" did not work, then the method of aiming the Ozone circle through relative coordinates would not have yielded results.

	- Hahahahaha .... What is this. From the very beginning, we were at your place, like in the palm of your hand? ... "Realizing that this was the final defeat, Jasmine burst into laughter.



	Chapter 7





	When Tatsuya returned to the artificial island, Miyuki returned to the party.

	- Tatsuya-sama, thank you for the work done.

	- Miyuki too, good work. It seems that everything went almost as planned.

	- Yes. In the end, I had some unexpected work, but it was better to do this than to just explain.

	As Tatsuya promised, he was able to return to the end of the party. The suit looked like new, the shoes were polished to shine. He looked neater than when he left. Seeing the appearance of Tatsuya, Honoka and Shizuku quickly approached him.

	"Tatsuya-san, have you finished your work already?"

	- Yes. It seems like it took a little longer than planned.

	"It's only about the middle."

	According to the schedule, today's party will last two and a half hours. In fact, it was already farther than "about the middle", because it stayed about one hour.

	"Moreover, sempai."

	"By the way, where did they go?"

	As Shizuku and Honoka said, all graduates of First High, including Isori, one of the main invited guests, left the venue of the party. Both Tatsuya and Miyuki knew what had happened, but they were not going to tell these two. Honoka and Shizuku understood this, and did not raise the topic of the graduates anymore.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	With regards to graduates, Azusa and Sayaka were in the port of an artificial island. They met Hattori, Kirihara and Sawaki.

	- Well! So wet! From sea water, clothes and shoes are spoiled! - Under the rain Sayaka's reprimands for the appearance of Kirihara, not only he, but Hattori and Sawaki shrank and became smaller.

	- Mibu-san, now it's a bit ...

	Around them were also present soldiers who were engaged in the collection of neutralized enemy agents. Azusa could not help but worry about watching the curious looks of the soldiers.

	"But look at this." This is hopeless.

	The material of an expensive costume for parties was wrung under the influence of sea water. Leather shoes were also all swollen, saturated with salt water. For ordinary people, like Sayaka, it was quite justified to regret in terms of lost money.

	"That's all right." - With a desire to finish everything quickly, Azusa forgot about the surrounding views and activated her CAD.

	The magic of Azusa enveloped Hattori, Kirihara and Sawaki at the same time. Salty sea water was divided into liquid and powder and fell to the floor. Despite the absence of wind, the powder and droplets moved to the sea and disappeared there. Clothes and shoes became dry. Leather shoes returned their shape, wrinkles of clothes were smoothed. As if the wind blew, and the short hair of Hattori, Sawaki and Kirihara spread a stiff feeling of drying. In just 10 seconds, signs disappeared that these three plunged into the sea.

	- So good? Let's go back to the party.

	Azusa did not notice that her magic attracted attention. Not realizing that the military are looking at her for another reason, she suggested that this is mainly because of her proposal to "return."

	- ... No, first you have to go and see how things are at Chiyoda-san.

	Sayaka wondered if Azusa should be told why she was being looked at, but finally decided that "happiness in ignorance" was answered in this way.

	"Did something happen to Chiyoda?"

	- I'll explain it later. Come along. - Asked by Hattori, Sayaka pushed Azusa from behind and went.



	Because of what happened to them, Isori and Kanon singled out a separate room in which there were no other people.

	"... What happened?" - Entering the room where these two rest, asked really surprised Hattori. Kanon no longer cried. There were no tears or sobbing. But she still sat, buried her face in Isori's chest.

	- Ahahahaha ... Yes, yes. Something shocking happened. - Isori tried to laugh it off. But that was not enough to convince Hattori. In the end, they left a couple embracing. While Azusa and Sayaka were told about the "hostage incident", it was time for the party to end.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Chen Xiangshan and Lu Ganghu went back to their country on a speedboat with the deserters on board. From the boat disguised as a fishing boat, Bradley Zhang was also caught. The mission was almost complete.

	"Captain, I'm offering you a drink."

	- With pleasure.

	Watching the full moon on the deck of a ship heading west, to the port of Xiamen through the Taiwan Strait, Chen Xiangshan and Lu Ganghu picked up a glass.

	- This time the mission was fruitful.

	In the words of Chen Xiangshan,

	- Really.

	Lu Ganghu answered without his usual tone of subordinate.

	"And yet, sooner or later we will have to fight again with the Japanese army."

	- I agree with you.

	Having come to an agreement, both looked at the moon.

	- It's a pity that we failed to see the skills of Lieutenant Colonel Kazama himself, but the abilities of his guys, in general, are understandable.

	- Yes. Especially formidable is Major Yanagi.

	- Hou.

	Chen Xiangshan poured wine into a glass of Lu Ganghu. Lu Ganghu politely took the glass with both hands.

	- But.

	- Yes.

	"It's only a stepping stone to a more complex opponent."

	"As you say."

	- Shiba Tatsuya. Shiba Miyuki. Heirs of the annoying Yotsuba.

	In response to Chen Xiangshan's words, Lu Ganghu's eyes flashed, reflecting the burning morale.

	"They're dangerous." It is a great achievement that we could at least confirm this again.

	- Yes.

	"Then we are enemies." From now on.

	"Count on me."

	- Yes.

	Chen Xiangshan gulped down the contents of the glass, as if swallowing the moon reflected there.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	After the end of the party, Tatsuya reported on what happened to Maya through the communicator of the yacht.

	"You did a good job today."

	"Thank you."

	This time the mission ended without problems. If it was a test, then it was 90 points. Not 100, because there was no "plus-alpha". [note. Additional points for optional side achievements]

	- I am satisfied with today's results.

	- Many thanks.

	- I also heard something interesting. "Gatekeeper" ... a pretty good-looking magic, is not it?

	- After improvement, I think it can be used by someone else besides me.

	- Does this mean that at last magic will appear, that in a real sense can neutralize magicians? I'll wait for it.

	"I will make every effort to reach practical application as soon as possible."

	- The magic of the Great Asian Alliance was also very interesting. I'd like to receive a detailed report directly, so go to the main house when you return to Tokyo.

	- Good. Then we leave immediately.

	"Ara, do not hurry. Rest there for a couple of days, regain strength, before returning. You can come with a report in April.

	"Thank you."

	- I look forward to our meeting next month.

	After these words, the connection was interrupted. Bowed before the camera, Tatsuya, making sure that the call indicator went out, raised his head.

	Tatsuya slightly stretched. Despite the success of the operation, the conversation with Maya greatly exhausted him. To freshen up, he left the cabin on deck. There, Miyuki, accompanied by Minami, watched the moon.

	"Onii-sama." Have you already finished the conversation with both?

	- Yes. After returning to Tokyo, it will be necessary to report directly. But it was ordered to come only in April.

	"Oh ... Both of you now seem to be busy."

	It seems that Miyuki thought that there would be an order to come with a report as soon as possible. She covered her mouth with one hand and slightly widened her eyes.

	"Perhaps you are right."

	Tatsuya remembered the time when he was assigned this case, then Maya left the main house for a reason unrelated to the Conference of the Main Clans, which was very rare. Perhaps some urgent issue with sponsors was also solved.

	- But then we have a little free time?

	- Exactly.

	Tatsuya stood next to Miyuki. Having understood the atmosphere, Minami disappeared into the cabin. Left alone on the deck, Miyuki came closer to Tatsuya. Still dressed in a dress and with gathered up hair, she gently laid her head on the shoulder of his suit.

	- This time the mission was ... a fun trip.

	"I was having fun too."

	"But next I'd like to go on a trip without a mission." Onii-sama ... Tatsuya-sama.

	- Onii-sama will come down.

	Worrying not to disturb Miyuki's head touching his shoulder, Tatsuya looked at her profile.

	"Onii-sama and Tatsuya-sama." What is better? I'm still ...

	- There is no need to hurry. Time still exists.

	- And the truth. Time still remains ...

	Tatsuya could not read what was on Miyuki's mind, in anticipation of having closed her eyes.



	Epilogue





	In the waiting room for the departure of the airport there are 6 kinds of people.

	People who see off with a smile. People who escort with tears. People who escort with different from the first two persons. Discarding the detailed classification, it will be any exception, except for smiles and tears.

	Similarly, there are three species that are escorted. People who go with a smile. People who go with tears. People who depart with different from the first two persons.

	However, we dare add one more species. People who go home with a tired face.

	There were differences between working and playing, there was a difference between physical and mental exhaustion, but those who now waited for the return airplane had exactly such persons. Even the girls were exhausted.

	March 29. The day after the party on an artificial island near the coast of Kume Island.

	"It was a tiresome trip ..." Naha Sayaka, who came to the airport departure hall, grumbled, leaning both her hands on her suitcase to relieve the load of her own weight. Azusa, who heard her, giggled with restraint. It was like saying "I agree!", Because she could not say aloud the same thing to the invited classmate.

	- True? But was it fun? "But her partner, Kirihara, had a different opinion." He objected with a cheerful expression. The excitement of yesterday's evening has not yet passed. The excitement is not from the party, but from the battle.

	"... So Kirihara-kun was fun?" As a child, who rejoices when getting wet in a puddle.

	Looking at Sayaka with sad eyes, Kirihara immediately looked away. He remembered how she got angry last night for a spoiled suit.

	"Er, that's not because we wanted to play in the water." Hey, Sawaki.

	Sawaki nodded strongly, although he did not understand well what that meant to "hey."

	- Yes. It was a good fight. I am happy that for the first time in a long time I had to give my best.

	In Sawaki, many shots flew from Sayaka and Azusa. However, even if he became a hedgehog with invisible arrows instead of thorns, it looks like Sawaki it did not work at all. At that moment Isori joined in with an apologetic face.

	"Forgive me for all this." You were dragged into these unexpected events ...

	- Oh, no! It is not true! - On Isori's apologizing words, Sayaka quickly waved her head. "I'm sorry to say strange things." Sure, I was having fun.

	- Yes, I understand. - With a smile nodded Isori fussily explained Sayaka. "Everybody is tired of getting into such an incident." I would like to rest another day.

	- I agree! - Kanon reacted to one of the words of Isori.

	- Refuse today's flight and stay one more night! - Accusing his hand in the hand of the groom, Kanon spoiled with a spoiled voice to persuade Isori.

	- Such a reason will not work.

	- Correctly. Although there are still a few days before the ceremony of entering the university, you still need to start preparing in advance. "Has confirmed Azusa's words to Hattori, but Kanon did not seem convinced:

	- Yes, what is there to prepare?

	- By the way, you have already passed the registration for landing? - Ignoring Kanon's objection, Hattori turned to Isori.

	- Exactly. - Answered was Sawaki. He pushed his suitcase toward the check-in counter for landing.

	- Wait! Hey, do not ignore me!

	Followed by Sawaki Hattori, looked back at the protest Kanon:

	- It's not a different country. Maybe we'll come again in the summer?

	- A good idea. Will we go again with this line-up? He responded vigorously to Hattori's words.

	"Uh, I'd like to see Kei and I together." - Kanon immediately expressed discontent.

	"We do not know if the summer holidays will be really free."

	Speaking to the National Academy of Defense Kirihara, entering the same course Sayaka nodded with a disappointed face.

	- It is not necessary to be limited only in the summer of this year, and it is not necessary to be limited in the summer. A chance can be given at any time, because risks are everywhere.

	"Hattori, is this some sort of philosophy?"

	On the hob of Kirihara Hattori with a smile shook his head.

	- It's not entirely in philosophy. Simply words of consolation.

	"I do not understand what you mean."

	"It's like saying that next time you have to do better." - Sawaki, who finished registration, looked around. "Then, next time, let's deal with the problem only on our own."

	- Well, something like this. Smiling, Hattori nodded at Sawaki's words.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	Unlike the group of graduates of First High, which, as planned, flew to Tokyo on the plane the day after the party, a group of current students swam carefree in the morning. The tour of Kumejima, interrupted by the attack of the submarine, was organized anew on the same ship with a transparent bottom.

	- Suddenly it became "not a mission, but a trip". - said Miyuki with a bitter smile.

	- I think this does not count. - Tatsuya also smiled ironically.

	- What do you mean "does not count"? - Immediately asked with curiosity Honoka.

	"The trip to Okinawa this time was a job, so I talked about going out of work next time. "Because there was no need to hide, Tatsuya honestly answered the question of Honoka. In a conversation last night, Miyuki requested that next time he be out of work. It was during their conversation on board a yacht returning from an artificial island to the main island of Okinawa. Since then, only half a day has passed. When it was mentioned that this cruise can be considered a "trip without work," Tatsuya and Miyuki showed bitter smiles, feeling that the conversation last night was continued.

	"Hmm, what do you mean?" - Honoka did not go any further. She, probably, has understood, that questions, like "it is possible if I go with you?" will receive undesirable answers.

	"How long will you stay here?" - Feeling the sufferings of the best friend, Shizuku decided to change the subject, referring to Miyuki.

	"We plan to return to Tokyo tomorrow or the day after tomorrow."

	"There's not much left after all."

	- In fact, we planned to return today's flight. But in the end we had extra time.

	- Hmm ...

	Miyuki did not explain where the extra time came from. Shizuku also did not ask.

	- We will soon have to organize preparations for the opening ceremony.

	- Here's how.

	Since Shizuku is an ordinary member of the disciplinary committee, she needs to participate only in the school events themselves, but there is no need to participate in their training. But Miyuki is the president of the school board. She must participate in a large number of preparations for the ceremony of admission.

	Annually in March, preparations are made for the opening ceremony, various events at the beginning of the year, an acquaintance with the first-graders' representative is being held, etc., but this year Miyuki left Tokyo immediately after the closing ceremony to fulfill something similar to official duties although this was not "official" duties in fact, but were close to this). Most of the preparations were completed before the spring break, but a meeting to prepare the speech before the newcomers had not yet been held.

	- This year, a representative of first-graders - after all, again a girl?

	- Correctly.

	"She's from the Top Ten Clan Clans?"

	- Yes. Flying Siyin-san. The youngest daughter of the Mitsuya family. But we have not met.

	- So this is how it is. That's why you cannot stay longer.

	- Yes. I'm afraid that is it. "When Miyuki said this, not only herself, but Honoka also had a depressed face.

	But not because Tatsuya will also leave when Miyuki goes to Tokyo. Honoka is also in the school board, so she also needs to participate in the preparation for the welcome ceremony. Honoka and Shizuku planned to return to Tokyo on the 31st, but if Miyuki returns on the 30th to prepare for the admission ceremony, they would also have thought about a return flight the same day.

	"... Anyway, let's rest while we're here!" It's a little early in the sea, but why not swim in the hotel pool, where we stayed? It is quite spacious! - Returning motivation Honoka approached Tatsuya. Speaking to her Shizuku thought that from the face of Miyuki, watching this, a bit of calm disappeared.



	◊ ◊ ◊



	The report on the capture of the Japanese army by Jasmine Williams and James J. Johnson reached William MacLeod in Britain in the middle of the following day.

	The incident, with an attempt to sabotage the artificial island in Kumejima, was apparently carried out by a detachment of deserters from the Great Asian Alliance with the support of the Australian army, but in fact it was Britain that organized the two forces together. If the details come to the surface, it will be impossible to avoid revealing that the British army is the culprit.

	Knowing this, the intelligence department of the British army was surrounded by a tense atmosphere. Of course, there was not much noise, as if the hive had been turned over. Even in the building of the headquarters of the military intelligence department in the White Hall (the Government Center of Britain in the business district), this case was not loudly voiced, for fear of information leakage. It was unnecessary to create a depressing atmosphere. Therefore, there was nothing but reproach from the people, by which MacLeod was passing. The staff involved in this operation knew that MacLeod had a leading role in nominating a detachment of magicians of the Australian army.

	MacLeod understood why these reproachful views were aimed at him. He was already asked to explain himself. The fact that his reputation worsened was clear to all. However, William MacLeod did not need to worry about the hostility directed at him. During interrogation by senior officers before government officials, he was treated like an aristocrat, as before.

	First, he expected that the British government would not be negligent towards one of the official magicians of the Strategic Class from the Thirteen Apostles. The fact that he was calm, spoke of confidence in the safety of his position, despite the fact that he was involved in an independent trip to Australia, where he directly supervised the operation.

	MacLeod left the headquarters of the so-called DIS and entered the old building next to the First Block. There was a branch of the government communications headquarters (formerly MI1), which was in charge of the British SigInt (engaged in interception of communications, eavesdropping, interception of radio signals, radar waves, etc.). For passers-by it was completely unclear what this building is, but it was MacLeod's workplace. Roughly speaking, in one of the rooms adjacent to the GCHQ building Macleod had a private office.

	Not meeting anyone on the way, he went into his office and locked the door. In general, there were people walking back and forth through the building, but MacLeod's office was on a technical floor, where ordinary employees usually did not go. And access to the office itself was hidden from the rest with the help of a dedicated elevator.

	MacLeod included the most modern communication terminal, incompatible with the appearance of the old building. A figure of one man immediately appeared on the display. Apparently, the interlocutor approached his terminal before the appointed time.

	"Hello, Sir William MacLeod." How is your health?

	- Hello, Dr. Clark. Health is normal. For my age.

	"I did not mean anything like that ... I'm sorry."

	- No, sorry for being rude. This was just a joke.

	The name of the man, smiling puzzled from the terminal screen, was Edward Clark. He is a scientist from the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America and a specialist in large-scale information systems.

	"You are an evil man, sir." By the way, it seems that the question we discussed earlier, as expected, ended in failure.

	"There's nothing to hide from you, Doctor."

	- I apologize. So, the introduction of the "Trojan horse" was successful?

	- Not yet. Jas is caught by Haru Kazama .

	- How? ... And I thought Yotsuba would be interested in getting such a sample.

	"I still think there's still a chance." Because it seems that there is a special connection between the division of Kharu Kazama and Yotsuba.

	- Through the telepathic network of the "Brothers Williams", having the same genetic code, I hope to find out some secrets of Yotsuba.

	- In the case of Jas, you should say "Sister", do you not? Although there is no confidence in the conscious use of telepathy, it has the advantage of being difficult to detect to the enemy. In combination with the "system" of the doctor, the limits in which our eyes and ears can penetrate will increase significantly.

	"Information is what you need to manage the world." Sir William, USNA thank you for your cooperation, regardless of the success or failure of the operation.

	"Thank you." For the prosperity of Britain, Doctor, continue to provide us with your wisdom.

	- Of course. Because we are allies.

	From the screen of the communicator, Edward Clark uttered a friendly farewell "Well, see you soon." Immediately after this, the screen goes out. MacLeod also turned off the communicator, carefully closed it, and left this secret cabinet.



	 ◊ ◊ ◊



	Two days after the incident, an attempt was made to sabotage the artificial island in Kumejima. Maya visited a prestigious residential area near the city center.

	The house looked like an old big mansion. But in fact it was a kind of fortress, which, in addition to the latest security equipment, was protected by a large number of ancient defensive spells.

	The owner of the house was called Todo Aoba. Also known as His Excellency the priest Aoba, he was one of the secret players (also known as Yokai [ghosts, demons]) in the political and business arena of Japan. He was the true owner of the former Fourth Laboratory, and also the Yotsuba sponsor.

	Elder Todo rarely summoned Maya. Although this was called sponsorship, the relationship with the Yotsuba family could not be called a one-sided patronage. In terms of funding, the Yotsuba family can do without the help of Elder Todo.

	The Yotsuba family once won freedom from the army, destroying all workers of the former Fourth Laboratory.

	But before that the army had already deprived the Todo family of power over the Fourth Laboratory.

	That's why Elder Todo and the head of the Yotsuba family still had friendly relations. Just as the Yotsuba family depends on the influence of Elder Todo, so does the strength of the Yotsuba family. Relations of mutual support. Therefore, since Todo called Maya, the problem was really important.

	After a formal welcome, Maya and Todo immediately moved on to the main topic.

	- The day before yesterday in Kumejima you did a good job.

	"Thank you."

	The work to prevent diversion, commissioned by Maya Tatsuya, was the request of Elder Todo.

	"Then you captured magicians from the Australian army."

	- Yes. One of them is an ordinary magician, but the other seems to be a very interesting specimen.

	- And there is. "Elder Todo nodded at Maya's words. - It is natural for you to be interested. But never bring this person to the heart of Yotsuba.

	Hearing the words of the elder, Maya slightly rounded her eyes.

	"Ara ... Is it a trap?" Like a living bomb?

	"It's worse than a bomb." This woman is "ears".

	Despite the abstract way of expressing the elders of Todo, Maya accurately realized that "ears" is a person with a special intelligence ability.

	- As you wish. I will ask Ms. Saeki to get rid of this person immediately. "Maya did not doubt the words of Elder Todo. And she did not ask where he got it from. The Yotsuba family was not the only development of the former Fourth Laboratory. In the organization that preceded the Fourth Laboratory, mating was also practiced. And Elder Todo also had with him those who once offered their "blood" to the Yotsuba family.

	- Correct. It will be much more effective to inform Saeki through you than to simply give the order from here.

	On the orders of Elder Todo, Maya bowed with a heartless smile.



	(The end of the arch "Zavarushka in the South Sea")



	Afterword





	Thank you very much for reading us. How do you like "Smash in the South Sea"? I hope you enjoyed it.



	Initially, it was planned to begin the third year of training in the 20th volume. But for some reason, I had to insert an additional episode, which fit into one volume.

	In this volume, at the development stage, 3 main courses were taken:

	1) Make a separate storyline that is not related to the main story.

	2) Give more activity to characters a year older, who have not received much attention before.

	3) The situation is a graduation trip to Hokkaido or Okinawa.

	But as a result, it grew into an amazing story that you read. It was possible to show the team work of Hattori and other scenes and situations that fit into the taken courses ...

	Since in the arch of the Tatsuya Grand Clans Conference and others there was a failure, I did not think that success this time would be such an excellent idea. Tatsuya got too comfortable exceptional ability. What will happen if you give him freedom?

	With ordinary enemies, there are no problems anymore. Well, from now on we will face situations where one force does not break. Expect it.

	In the epilogue, we introduced a character who will actively participate in the main story.

	Returning to the original plan, I cannot call this an addition to the plot. But as a result it is good that we managed to present it now.

	Of course, it was only a name and class. Originally it was planned to be called "Fumino", but the idea was abandoned because of the existing "Fumia". Then I came up with "Sino", but this idea died when I remembered that this is the name of the famous heroine of some very famous work. As a result, "Sine" was born. It will receive many characteristic features, so look forward to the next volume.

	Reserves of minerals from the seabed are a reference to the "place" found in 2015 with oil deposits. Also in February 2016, the discovery of a geothermal field in the sea near Okinawa was confirmed. Would it be good if technology progressed forward so that we too could access such places?

	Model artificial island was peeped at the "Aquapolis" at the 1975 International Ocean Fair in Okinawa. Although the scale and structure are completely different.

	Although I myself think that bottom structures are more effective for developing the seabed, I chose a floating island for the convenience of history. I wish I could see the realization of this as long as I'm alive.



	Well, in the next volume, the third year of training will really begin. In the final year of the main character's training, I left a lot of "here it's turning", so read us to the end of the whole series. I'll try my best to make you say "it was interesting."

	So, see you in the next volume No. 21, "The Beginning of the Troubles."





